The P/E Ratio for Bitcoin
Treasury Companies: P/BYD
SWC Research Brief
July 2025

The P/E Ratio for Bitcoin
Treasury Companies: P/BYD
By Jesse Myers, Bitcoin Strategy, The Smarter Web Company PLC

In accounting school, you learn that a business is its financial statements.
The value of a business is its assets minus liabilities, plus the expected future
cash flows from operations discounted back to present value. Balance sheet
and income statement.
When valuing companies, conventional wisdom says to focus on future
profits. By contrast, the balance sheet tends to be viewed as simply the
infrastructure that makes operations possible. For investors seeking
attractive investments in traditional equities, it’s the company’s future profit
generation that weighs most heavily.
This is why stocks tend to be discussed in terms of their P/E ratio, meaning
Price of the company / annual Earnings of the company.
Over the last few decades, P/E ratios have been bid up to exceedingly high
levels. Apple trades at a 33 P/E ratio, meaning that investors will have to
wait 33 years to earn cumulative profits equal to their investment today.
Here are the P/E ratios for the world’s most valuable public companies:

Rank

Company

Market cap

P/E

1

NVIDIA

$4.02 T

53

2

Microsoft

$3.74 T

39

3

Apple

$3.15 T

33

4

Amazon

$2.39 T

36

5

Alphabet (Google)

$2.19 T

20

6

Meta

$1.80 T

27

Source: companiesmarketcap.com, as of 11 July 2025

Please see the important information pages in this document.

These high P/E ratios have become the de facto price of admission for
investors looking to park their capital in the stock market. Equities are
overvalued, but global capital doesn’t know of a better place to store its
value.
Obviously, the natural next topic would be an enumeration of Bitcoin’s
properties as the best store of value asset in the world, but for our purposes
here, let’s just assume this as given. Now we can move on to what this piece
has to say that is new.

A new model of delivering shareholder value
As Michael Saylor likes to say, “the only thing better than Bitcoin is more
Bitcoin.” This is where Bitcoin treasury companies come in.
A Bitcoin treasury company is any company that has adopted the explicit goal
of increasing its Bitcoin holdings per share. If a company increases this
metric over time, they have delivered Bitcoin Yield for the benefit of
shareholders.
This goal can be achieved through a variety of methods, but the emerging
best practices center on utilizing capital markets to fundraise & deploy the
proceeds into Bitcoin.
Perhaps the purest version of this is “accretive dilution” through new equity
issuance, which makes sense when a company is trading at a premium to its
Net Asset Value (NAV). This is best understood via a visual example.

Please see the important information pages in this document.

Here is how the mechanics of share issuance can increase Bitcoin Per Share
when a company is trading at a premium to NAV:

High mNAV enables accretive dilution
£M
50

550

500

Market cap

Equity
issued;
Equity
issued;
cash
received
cash received

Cash converted
to BTC

50

150

100
NAV

Before

Equity
issued

Bitcoin
buy

After

5x

mNAV

3.7x

100

Shares

110

Dilution: 10%

NAV growth: 50%

Bitcoin per share: +36%

There are other capital market tools to effect the same result of increasing
Bitcoin Per Share, such as raising capital via convertible debt, ordinary debt,
or preferred equities.
The objective of each is to deliver BTC Yield for shareholders, which is the
unique value proposition that Bitcoin treasury companies offer to investors.

Please see the important information pages in this document.

Valuing a Bitcoin treasury company
This is a brand new model of delivering shareholder value. As a result, the
metrics to understand these companies are still being developed. So far,
analysis of these companies has centered around two key metrics:
•

mNAV: the market cap divided by the value of treasury assets (cash +
Bitcoin), showing the premium that the market values the company
compared to the value of the treasury.

•

Days to Cover: the number of days ago that the company’s Bitcoin
Per Share was equal to current Bitcoin Per Share divided by the current
mNAV

However, these metrics each tell one half of the story. What is needed is a
way to incorporate both elements (current market premium & recent rate of
performance) into a formula to understand how long it may take for investors
to earn the value of their investment back.
This is what P/E ratios achieve when analyzing traditional companies. The
informational value of a P/E ratio is that it tells you how many years it will
take to earn back your investment via income statement profits. This
standardizes nicely across businesses and industries, and serves as a
valuable shorthand for determining when a business is overvalued or
undervalued relative to others.
By contrast, a Bitcoin treasury company seeks to deliver shareholder value
not solely via operating profits, but also by growing their balance sheet –
specifically, by increasing Bitcoin Per Share over time.
It’s a different path to delivering shareholder value, but no less real.
Because it is a different model, it requires a different formula to assess the
expected time to deliver a return. Now we can ask a simple question…
What would be the Bitcoin treasury company equivalent to a P/E ratio?

Please see the important information pages in this document.

The P/BYD Ratio: Price / Bitcoin Yield Delivered
To start, we must clearly establish what we are solving for:
•

We want a formula whose output is in the same format as you would
receive from a P/E ratio

•

More specifically, we want to isolate the number of years that it will
take a BTC treasury company to grow its Bitcoin Per Share by a
multiple equivalent to the current mNAV of the company.

•

In other words, how long will it take to deliver enough BTC Yield
to offset the mNAV premium paid upfront?

By re-arranging the formula for Bitcoin Per Share growth over time, we can
solve for how many years it will take a Bitcoin treasury company to grow its
Bitcoin Per Share by a factor equivalent to current mNAV, based on Bitcoin
Yield Delivered over a defined time period:

The P/BYD Ratio

y =

log(mNAV)

n ⋅ log(1 + BYD)

Where:
●

y = years to shareholder return on Bitcoin held

●

mNAV = multiple of Net Asset Value, aka market cap / treasury assets

●

BYD = Bitcoin Yield Delivered over the most recent period

●

n = number of periods per year

Please see the important information pages in this document.

A few notes on P/BYD (which we’ve been pronouncing “p-bid”):
●

Because of the exponential nature of compounding BTC Yield over
successive periods, isolating the years to shareholder return on Bitcoin
held requires log terms

●

BYD (Bitcoin Yield Delivered) should be from the most recent period,
which can be one year, quarter, or even month. Adjusting n to account
for the number of periods in a year normalizes the length of period
used

●

All else equal, longer periods are likely to be more representative.
However, for less mature Bitcoin treasury companies, a shorter period
may be more representative of the current state of a Bitcoin treasury
company’s ability to generate additional BTC Yield.

●

P/BYD is similar to Days to Cover, but different in that it 1) returns a
number in years, and 2) allows the user to define a sample period of
recent performance to project forward, rather than simply looking back
in time as far as necessary.

The net result of the P/BYD ratio is an informative measure for Bitcoin
treasury companies (who aim to deliver shareholder value through balance
sheet growth), which is equivalent to that of a P/E ratio for traditional
operating companies (who aim to deliver shareholder value through
income statement profits).

P/BYD Ratio examples today
Strategy
As of 15 July 2025, Strategy had an mNAV of 1.95x and delivered 19.7% of
BTC Yield in 1H 2025. This results in a P/BYD ratio of 1.86.
Assuming a continued rate of BTC Yield delivery, investors would have to wait
1.86 years to earn cumulative Bitcoin equal to their investment today (and
anything after that is Bitcoin gained).

Source: Strategy.com analytics dashboard

Please see the important information pages in this document.

Metaplanet
As of 15 July 2025, Metaplanet had an mNAV of 3.51x and delivered 129.4%
of BTC Yield in Q2 2025. This results in a P/BYD ratio of 0.38.
Assuming a continued rate of BTC Yield delivery, investors would have to wait
0.38 years to earn cumulative Bitcoin equal to their investment today (and
anything after that is Bitcoin gained).
After the first two weeks of Q3 2025, Metaplanet is already showing a QTD
BTC Yield of 17.8%. If we use this for BTC Yield Delivered, this results in a
P/BYD ratio of 0.29. In other words, Metaplanet is off to a slightly faster
pace of delivering BTC Yield in Q3.
It’s also worth noting that Metaplanet was the best performing public equity
in the world in 2024. Given how this math shows Metaplanet is delivering
shareholder value at an extremely rapid pace, this should come as no
surprise.

Smarter Web
As of 16 July 2025, Smarter Web has a 30-Day BTC Yield of 419% and an
mNAV of 5.58x. This results in a P/BYD ratio of 0.09.
If we choose to use just the most recent seven days of BTC Yield, that’s 60%.
This results in a P/BYD ratio of 0.07. This tells us that the most recent week
for Smarter Web delivered slightly faster BTC Yield generation than that seen
over the last month.
Overall, an investor who re-allocates BTC into Smarter Web appears to be
“overpaying” 5.58x for Bitcoin. However, assuming a continued rate of BTC
Yield delivery, investors would have to wait just 0.09 years (~32 days) to
earn cumulative Bitcoin equal to their investment today (and anything after
that is Bitcoin gained).
Interestingly, the apparent undervaluing of Bitcoin treasury companies seems
to be greatest for smaller and newer companies that are generating higher
BTC Yield. It may be that market participants have a strong aversion to
“overpaying” for Bitcoin via a high mNAV, overlooking the all-important rate
of Bitcoin Yield Delivered. This may be to the advantage of investors who
understand the dynamics captured by the P/BYD ratio.

Source: https://metaplanet.jp/en/analytics, SWC

Please see the important information pages in this document.

Towards a unified model for equities valuation
Your eyes are not deceiving you, there is quite a stark difference between the
P/BYD ratios for these Bitcoin treasury companies and the P/E ratios
prevalent in traditional equities markets.
In my opinion, this reflects the poorly understood nature of Bitcoin treasury
companies and their alternative pathway to delivering shareholder value
through strengthening their balance sheets, as opposed to the traditional
understanding of shareholder value coming from future profits.
With the P/BYD ratio, we now have the language to directly compare Bitcoin
treasury company valuations to traditional equities and their P/E ratios. This
leaves investors to ask themselves an essential question: in the investable
landscape, which companies offer deep value?
The math is clear, illustrated in simple terms with the P/BYD calculation
showing the time it takes a public company with Bitcoin on its balance sheet
to “pay back” its valuation. When you compare this to traditional P/E ratios,
as outlined earlier, it’s possible that well-run Bitcoin treasury companies are
the most undervalued public equities in the world.

Please see the important information pages in this document.

Important Information: General
This document has been prepared and issued by The Smarter Web Company PLC (the “Issuer”). The
Issuer is a public limited company incorporated in England and Wales with registered number 00092343
and its registered office is 160 Aztec West, Almondsbury, Bristol, BS32 4TU. The shares in the Issuer
are admitted to treading on Aquis Growth Market of the London Stock Exchange. This document
contains general information about the Issuer and its business as well as giving initial high-level
information about one or more projects which the Issuer might wish to present to prospective investors
in the future (each, a “Project”). This document does not constitute an offer or invitation in respect of
the sale or purchase of securities in any jurisdiction, or of any of the businesses or assets described in
this document. If, however, an offer to sell or purchase investments is made in the future, it will be
subject to the terms of a formal prospectus or equivalent document circulated at the time and not on
the basis of the information contained in this document.
This Document does not constitute and the Company is not making an offer to the public within the
meaning of sections 85 and 102B of FSMA. The Issuer is neither authorised nor regulated in the
conduct of its business by the Financial Conduct Authority in the UK. The distribution of this document
by the Issuer and its communication of the information it contains is provided only for and is directed
only at persons in the UK which the Issuer reasonably believes to be of a kind to whom such
promotions may be communicated by an unauthorised person pursuant to an exemption under the
FSMA (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (the “FPO”). Such persons include but are not limited to
persons who have professional experience in matters relating to investments and who are investment
professionals as specified under article 19 of the FPO. If you are not such a person, you should not read
this document, rely on it or take any other action in consequence of it. Any recipient of this document
in jurisdictions outside of the UK should inform themselves about and observe any applicable legal
requirements. It is the responsibility of every person reading this document to satisfy her/himself as to
the full observance of the laws of any relevant country, including obtaining any governmental or other
consent which may be required or observing any other formality which needs to be observed in that
country. This document has not been approved by any regulatory authority. This document is a
confidential communication to, and solely for the benefit of, the recipient only and must not be
communicated, reproduced or distributed (in whole or in part) to others. If you have not received this
document directly from the Issuer, your receipt is unauthorised. Please return this document to the
Issuer immediately.
This document, including without limitation all text, graphics and images, is protected by intellectual
property rights. This document is not to be reproduced or distributed to others (beyond the initial
intended recipients of the relevant presentation), at any time, without the prior written consent of the
Issuer. All recipients agree they will keep confidential all information contained in it. The contents of
this document are not legal, tax, business, investment or other advice. This document and the
information contained herein are subject to correction, completion and/or amendment by the Issuer. To
the best of the knowledge and belief of the Issuer (who has taken reasonable care to ensure that such
is the case), the information contained in this document is in accordance with the facts and does noes
omit anything likely to affect the import of such information. Whilst this document has been prepared in
good faith, no representation, warranty, assurance or undertaking (express or implied) is or will be
made, and no responsibility or liability is or will be accepted by the Issuer, any related undertaking or
its or any of their respective officers, employees or agents in relation to the adequacy, accuracy,
completeness or reasonableness of this document, or of any other information (whether written or
oral), notice or document supplied or otherwise made available to any interested party or its advisors in
connection with the information contained in this document and/or the matters contemplated thereby.
All and any such responsibility and liability is expressly disclaimed. In particular, but without prejudice
to the generality of the foregoing, no representation, warranty, assurance or undertaking is given as to
the achievement or reasonableness of any future projections, management estimates, prospects or
returns contained in this document, or in such other information, notice or document. By accepting this
document, each recipient agrees to be bound by the limitations set out in this section entitled
“Important Information” and elsewhere in this document. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in this
document shall exclude any liability for, or remedy in respect of, fraudulent misstatement.

Please see the important information pages in this document.

Important Information: Bitcoin Treasury
The Smarter Web Company Plc (the Company) holds treasury reserves and surplus cash in Bitcoin.
Bitcoin is a type of cryptocurrency or cryptoasset. Whilst the Board of Directors of the Company
considers holding Bitcoin to be in the best interests of the Company, the Board remains aware that the
financial regulator in the UK (the Financial Conduct Authority or FCA) considers investment in Bitcoin to
be high risk. At the outset, it is important to note that an investment in the Company is not an
investment in Bitcoin, either directly or by proxy. However, the Board of Directors of the Company
consider Bitcoin to be an appropriate store of value and growth for the Company’s reserves and,
accordingly, the Company is materially exposed to Bitcoin. Such an approach is innovative, and the
Board of Directors of the Company wish to be clear and transparent with prospective and actual
investors in the Company on the Company’s position in this regard.
The Company is neither authorised nor regulated by the FCA. And cryptocurrencies (such as Bitcoin)
are unregulated in the UK. As with most other investments, the value of Bitcoin can go down as well as
up, and therefore the value of the Company’s Bitcoin holdings can fluctuate. The Company may not be
able to realise its Bitcoin exposure for the same as it paid in the first place or even for the value the
Company ascribes to its Bitcoin positions due to these market movements. And because Bitcoin is
unregulated, the Company is not protected by the UK’s Financial Ombudsman Service or the Financial
Services Compensation Scheme.
Nevertheless, the Board of Directors of the Company has taken the decision to invest in Bitcoin, and in
doing so is mindful of the special risks Bitcoin presents to the Company’s financial position. These risks
include (but are not limited to): (i) the value of Bitcoin can be highly volatile, with value dropping as
quickly as it can rise. Investors in Bitcoin must be prepared to lose all money invested in Bitcoin; (ii)
the Bitcoin market is largely unregulated. There is a risk of losing money due to risks such as
cyber-attacks, financial crime and counterparty failure; (iii) the Company may not be able to sell its
Bitcoin at will. The ability to sell Bitcoin depends on various factors, including the supply and demand in
the market at the relevant time. Operational failings such as technology outages, cyber-attacks and
comingling of funds could cause unwanted delay; and (iv) cryptoassets are characterised in some
quarters by high degrees of fraud, money laundering and financial crime. In addition, there is a
perception in some quarters that cyber-attacks are prominent which can lead to theft of holdings or
ransom demands. The Board of Directors of the Company does not subscribe to such a negative view,
especially in relation to Bitcoin. However, prospective investors in the Company are encouraged to do
your own research before investing.

Please see the important information pages in this document.

