The Smarter Web Company PLC
Incorporated and registered in England and Wales with Registered No. 92343

User
Name

You can register your vote(s) online for the General Meeting at
www.shareregistrars.uk.com Click on the “Proxy Vote” button
and then follow the on‐screen instructions

Access
Code

Please note that you must submit your vote by 10.00 a.m. on 24 September 2026

FORM OF PROXY
For use at the general meeting to be held at 160 Aztec West, Almondsbury, Bristol, BS32 4TU, United Kingdom on 28 September
2026 at 10.00 a.m. (“General Meeting”).
I/We being a member of The Smarter Web Company PLC (the “Company”) and entitled to vote at the General Meeting, hereby
appoint the Chairman of the General Meeting or

as my/our proxy to vote for me/us and on my/our behalf in the manner indicated below at the General Meeting of the Company
to be held at 160 Aztec West, Almondsbury, Bristol, BS32 4TU, United Kingdom on 28 September 2026 at 10.00 a.m. and at any
adjournment thereof.
Please indicate with an X in the appropriate space opposite each resolution how you wish your vote to be cast
SPECIAL RESOLUTION
1. To amend the articles of association of the Company
ORDINARY RESOLUTION
2. To authorise the directors of the Company to allot preferred shares
SPECIAL RESOLUTION
3. To authorise the Company to make market purchases of preferred shares

For

Against

Vote
Withheld

Enter number of shares in relation to which your proxy is authorised to vote
or leave it blank to authorise your proxy to act in relation to your entire holding
Please also tick this box if you are appointing more than one proxy

Signature(s)
Date
Please return this form to Share Registrars Limited, 3 The Millennium Centre, Crosby Way, Farnham, Surrey GU9 7XX, United
Kingdom to arrive no later than 10.00 am on 24 September 2026.
There is no need to return this form if you have voted online.

Notes
1. If you wish to vote at the General Meeting but are unable to attend in person, you may appoint a proxy to exercise all or any
of your rights to attend, speak and vote on your behalf by completing the form of proxy. A proxy need not be a member of
the Company. If you wish to appoint a proxy other than the Chairman, you should delete the words ‘the Chairman of the
General Meeting or’ and enter the name of the proxy where indicated on the form of proxy. Your changes should be
initialled. If you sign and return the form of proxy with no name of your proxy inserted where indicated, the Chairman of the
General Meeting will be deemed to be your proxy.
2. You may appoint more than one proxy provided that each proxy is appointed in respect of the rights attached to a diﬀerent
share or shares held by you. You may not appoint more than one proxy to exercise rights attached to the same share(s). To
appoint more than one proxy you may photocopy this form of proxy. Please mark the box on the form of proxy above with
an “X” to indicate that the proxy appointment is one of multiple instructions being given and insert in the box where
indicated the number of shares in relation to which they are entitled to act as your proxy (which, in aggregate, should not
exceed the total number of shares held by you). All Forms of Proxy must be signed.
3. Appointment of a proxy (or submission of a CREST Proxy Instruction, as described in the notice of the General Meeting) does
not preclude a member from attending the General Meeting and voting in person.
4. Any alteration to this form of proxy must be initialled.
5. Pursuant to Regulation 41 of the Uncertificated Securities Regulations 2001, those shareholders registered in the Register of
Members of the Company at 10.00 a.m. on 24 September 2026 or, in the event that the meeting is adjourned, in the Register
of Members 48 hours (ignoring any part of a day that is not a working day) before the start of any adjourned General
Meeting, shall be entitled to attend and vote at the General Meeting in respect of the number of shares registered in their
name at the relevant time. Changes to entries on the Register of Members after such time(s) and date(s) (as applicable) shall
be disregarded in determining the rights of any person to attend and vote at the General Meeting.
6. To be eﬀective, this form of proxy, duly completed, must be lodged with Share Registrars Limited at 3 The Millennium Centre,
Crosby Way, Farnham, Surrey GU9 7XX, United Kingdom not less than 48 hours (ignoring any part of a day that is not a
working day) before the time appointed for the General Meeting (being 10.00 a.m. on 28 September 2026) or any
adjournment thereof together with, if appropriate, the power of attorney or other authority (if any) under which it is signed
or a certified copy of such power of attorney.
7. If you want your proxy to vote in a certain way on the resolutions specified please place a mark (“X”) in the “For”, “Against”
or “Withheld” box for the relevant resolution. The “Withheld” option is provided to enable you to instruct your proxy to
abstain on any particular resolution. However, it should be noted that a vote withheld in this way is not a vote in law and will
not be counted in the calculation of the proportion of votes “For” and “Against” any particular resolution. In the absence of
instructions, the person(s) you have appointed as your proxy(ies) may vote as they choose or may decide not to vote at all
and, unless otherwise instructed, may also vote or abstain from voting on any other matter (including amendments to
resolutions) which may properly come before the General Meeting.
8. In the case of a corporation, this form must be executed under its common seal or under the hand of an oﬃcer or agent who
is duly authorised in writing to sign on behalf of such corporation. In the case of an individual, this form must be signed by
the individual or by an attorney duly authorised to sign on his/her behalf. In the case of joint holders, the signature of the
senior holder (seniority to be determined by the order in which the names stand in the register of members) shall be
accepted to the exclusion of all other joint holders. The names of all joint holders should be stated at the top of the form.
9. CREST members who wish to appoint a proxy or proxies by using the CREST electronic appointment service should refer to
the notes to the notice of the General Meeting.

Perivan.com
274138