THIS DOCUMENT IS IMPORTANT AND REQUIRES YOUR IMMEDIATE ATTENTION. If you are in any doubt about the contents of
this Document or as to what action you should take, you should consult an independent professional adviser authorised under the
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (“FSMA”) if you are in the UK or, if not resident in the UK, another appropriately authorised
independent financial adviser who specialises in advising on the acquisition of shares and other securities.
This Document comprises an Admission Document drawn up in compliance with the requirements of the Aquis Stock Exchange
Growth Market Rules and is being issued in connection with the proposed admission of the Company to the Access Segment of
the Aquis Stock Exchange Growth Market. This Document does not constitute and the Company is not making an offer to the public
within the meaning of sections 85 and 102B of FSMA. Therefore, this Document is not an approved prospectus for the purposes of
and as defined in section 85 of FSMA, has not been prepared in accordance with the Prospectus Rules and its contents have not
been approved by the Financial Conduct Authority or any other authority which could be a competent authority for the purposes of
the Prospectus Directive. Further, the contents of this Document have not been approved by an authorised person for the purposes
of section 21 of FSMA. This Document will not be filed with, or approved by, the Financial Conduct Authority or any other
government or regulatory authority in the UK or elsewhere.
The Directors of the Company, whose names are set out on page 12 of this Document, accept full responsibility, collectively and
individually, for the information contained in this Document including the Company’s compliance with the Aquis Stock Exchange
Growth Market Rules. The Directors, having taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case, declare that the information
in this Document is, to the best of their knowledge, in accordance with the facts and contains no omission likely to affect its import.

URANIUM ENERGY EXPLORATION PLC (to be renamed THE
SMARTER WEB COMPANY PLC from Admission)
(a company incorporated in England and Wales under the
Companies Act 2006 with registered number 00092343)
PLACING OF 6,224,000 NEW ORDINARY SHARES AT 2.5 PENCE PER SHARE
SUBSCRIPTION OF 18,856,894 NEW ORDINARY SHARES AT 2.5 PENCE PER SHARE
RETAIL OFFER OF 15,824,128 NEW ORDINARY SHARES AT 2.5 PENCE PER SHARE
ADMISSION TO TRADING ON THE ACCESS SEGMENT OF THE AQUIS STOCK EXCHANGE GROWTH
MARKET
AQUIS STOCK EXCHANGE GROWTH MARKET CORPORATE
ADVISER AND JOINT BROKER
PETERHOUSE CAPITAL LIMITED
LEAD BROKER
TENNYSON SECURITIES

SHARE CAPITAL ON ADMISSION
Ordinary Shares of £0.001 each
Number of Ordinary Shares in issue on Admission
146,901,357

The Aquis Stock Exchange Growth Market, which is operated by Aquis Exchange Limited, a Recognised Investment Exchange,
is a market designed primarily for emerging or smaller companies to which a higher investment risk tends to be attached than to
larger or more established companies.
It is not classified as a Regulated Market under Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council on markets
in financial instruments and Aquis Stock Exchange Growth Market securities are not admitted to the Official List of the Financial

1

Conduct Authority of the United Kingdom (“FCA”). Investment in an unlisted company is speculative and involves a higher degree
of risk than an investment in a listed company. The value of investments can go down as well as up and investors may not get
back the full amount originally invested. An investment should therefore only be considered by those persons who are prepared
to sustain a loss on their investment. A prospective investor should be aware of the risks of investing in Aquis Stock Exchange
Growth Market securities and should make the decision to invest only after careful consideration and, if appropriate, consultation
with an independent financial adviser authorised under the FSMA who specialises in advising on the acquisition of shares and
other securities.
The Company is required by Aquis Stock Exchange to appoint an Aquis Stock Exchange Growth Market Corporate Adviser to
apply on its behalf for admission to the Aquis Stock Exchange Growth Market and must retain an Aquis Stock Exchange Growth
Market Corporate Adviser at all times. The requirements for an Aquis Growth Market Corporate Adviser are set out in the
Corporate Adviser Handbook and the Aquis Stock Exchange Growth Market Corporate Adviser is required to make a declaration
to Aquis Stock Exchange in the form prescribed by Appendix B.
This Document has not been examined or approved by Aquis Stock Exchange or the Financial Conduct Authority.
Peterhouse Capital Limited (“Peterhouse”), which is authorised and regulated by the FCA, is the Company’s Aquis Growth Market
Corporate Adviser for the purposes of Admission. Peterhouse has not made its own enquiries except as to matters which have come to its
attention and on which it considered it necessary to satisfy itself and accepts no liability whatsoever for the accuracy of any information or
opinions contained in this Document, or for the omission of any material information, for which the Directors are solely responsible.
Peterhouse is acting for the Company and no one else in relation to the arrangements proposed in this Document and will not be responsible
to anyone other than the Company for providing the protections afforded to its clients or for providing advice to any other person on the
content of this Document.
Tennyson Securities has been appointed as the Retail Offer coordinator. Tennyson Securities, which is authorised and regulated in the
United Kingdon by the FCA, is acting exclusively for the Company and no one else in connection with the Retail Offer and will not regard
any other person (whether or not a recipient of this Document) as a client in relation to the Retail Offer and will not be responsible to anyone
other than the Company for providing the protections afforded to its clients nor for giving advice in relation to the Retail Offer or any
transaction or arrangement referred to in this Document. This Documents amounts to a financial promotion for the purposes of section 21
of FSMA and has been approved by Tennyson Securities for the purposes of the Retail Offer only. Apart from the responsibilities and
liabilities, if any, that may be imposed on Tennyson Securities by FSMA or the regulatory regime established thereunder, or under the
regulatory regime of any jurisdiction where the exclusion of liability under the relevant regulatory regime would be illegal, void or
unenforceable, Tennyson Securities accepts no responsibility whatsoever for, and makes no representation or warranty, express or implied,
as to the contents of, this Document or for any other statement made or purported to be made by it, or on its behalf, in connection with the
Company, the Ordinary Shares or the Retail Offer and nothing in this Document will be relied upon as a promise or representation in this
respect, whether or not to the past or future. Tennyson Securities accordingly disclaims all and any liability whether arising in tort, contract
or otherwise (save as referred to above) which it might otherwise have in respect of this Document or any such statement. Tennyson
Securities has given and not withdrawn its consent to the issue of this Document with the inclusion of the references to its name in the form
and context to which they are included.
The whole text of this Document should be read. An investment in the Company involves a high degree of risk and, may not be
suitable for all recipients of this Document. Prospective investors should consider carefully whether an investment in the
Company is suitable for them in the light of their personal circumstances and the financial resources available to them.
OVERSEAS SHAREHOLDERS
This Document does not constitute an offer to sell, or a solicitation to buy Ordinary Shares in any jurisdiction in which such offer or solicitation
is unlawful. In particular, this Document is not, subject to certain exceptions, for distribution in or into the United States, Canada, Australia,
the Republic of South Africa or Japan. The Existing Ordinary Shares and Ordinary Shares have not been nor will be registered under the
United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended, nor under the securities legislation of any state of the United States or any province or
territory of Canada, Australia, the Republic of South Africa or Japan or in any country, territory or possession where to do so may contravene
local securities laws or regulations. Accordingly, the Existing Ordinary Shares and Ordinary Shares may not, subject to certain exceptions,
be offered or sold directly or indirectly in or into the United States, Canada, Australia, the Republic of South Africa or Japan or to any
national, citizen or resident of the United States, Canada, Australia, the Republic of South Africa or Japan. The distribution of this Document
in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. No action has been taken by the Company or Peterhouse that would permit a public offer
of Ordinary Shares or possession or distribution of this Document where action for that purpose is required. Persons into whose possession
this Document comes should inform themselves about and observe any such restrictions. Any failure to comply with these restrictions may
constitute a violation of the securities laws of any such jurisdiction.
This Document is being distributed to, and is only directed towards persons in the United Kingdom who are (i) participants in the Retail
Offer; or (ii) “qualified investors” (within the meaning of Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation) and (a) who have professional experience in
matters relating to investments falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005,
as amended (the “FPO”); and/or (b) who are high-net-worth entities falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the FPO; and/or (iii) other persons
to whom it may otherwise be lawfully distributed (each a “Relevant Person”). Any investment or investment activity to which this Document
relates is available only to Relevant Persons and will be engaged in only with such persons. Persons who are not Relevant Persons should
not rely on or act upon this Document. This Document has been approved by Tennyson Securities for the purposes of section 21 of FSMA
and the terms of such approval limit the use of this Document as so approved for the purposes of the Retail Offer only.

Holding Ordinary Shares may have implications for overseas Shareholders under the laws of the relevant overseas jurisdictions. Overseas
Shareholders should inform themselves about and observe any applicable legal requirements. It is the responsibility of each overseas
Shareholder to satisfy himself as to the full observance of the laws of the relevant jurisdiction in connection therewith, including the obtaining
of any governmental, exchange control or other consents which may be required, or the compliance with other necessary formalities which
are required to be observed and the payment of any issue, transfer or other taxes due in such jurisdiction.
Copies of this Document will be made available to the public during normal business hours on any weekday (excluding Saturdays, Sundays
and public holidays) free of charge from the offices of Peterhouse at 3rd Floor, 80 Cheapside, London, EC2V 6EE and a copy is available

2

on the website of the Company at https://www.smarterwebcompany.co.uk/ (please note that information on this website, and information
found on other websites linked to this website, does not form part of this Document unless that information is incorporated by reference into
this Document).

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
This Document contains forward-looking statements. These statements relate to the Company’s future prospects, developments and
business strategies.
Forward-looking statements are identified by their use of terms and phrases such as “believe”, “could”, “envisage”, “estimate”, “intend”,
“may”, “plan”, “will” or the negative of those variations or comparable expressions, including references to assumptions. These statements
are primarily contained in Part I of this Document.
The forward-looking statements in this Document are based on current expectations and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could
cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by those statements. Certain risks to and uncertainties for the
Company are specifically described in Part II of this Document headed “Risk Factors”. If one or more of these risks or uncertainties
materialises, or if underlying assumptions prove incorrect, the Company’s actual results may vary materially from those expected, estimated
or projected. Given these risks and uncertainties, potential investors should not place any reliance on forward-looking statements.
These forward-looking statements are made only as at the date of this Document. Neither the Directors, the Company or any other person
or entity involved with this Document undertakes any obligation to update forward-looking statements or Risk Factors other than as required
by law or the Aquis Stock Exchange Growth Market Rules whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
This Document is dated 24 April 2025.

3

CONTENTS
HEADING

PAGE

DEFINITIONS
EXPECTED TIMETABLE OF PRINCIPAL EVENTS
SHARE CAPITAL INFORMATION
DIRECTORS, SECRETARIES AND ADVISERS
PART I – INFORMATION ON THE COMPANY AND THE SMARTER WEB COMPANY LIMITED
PART II – RISK FACTORS
PART III (A) - HISTORICAL FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF THE COMPANY FOR THE YEARS ENDED 31
OCTOBER 2024 AND 31 OCTOBER 2023
PART III (B) - HISTORICAL FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF THE SMARTER WEB COMPANY LIMITED
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024
PART III (C) - HISTORICAL FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF THE SMARTER WEB COMPANY LIMITED
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023
PART III (D) – UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONSOLIDATED NET ASSET STATEMENT FOR THE
COMBINED GROUP
PART IV - ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

5
10
10
12
13
24
27

4

90
111
132
134

DEFINITIONS
The following definitions apply throughout this document, unless the context requires otherwise:
A Loan Note Instrument

the £300,000 A unsecured convertible loan note instrument 2025
constituted by the Company.

A Loan Notes

the loan notes constituted under the A Loan Note Instrument,
issued to the Rollover Investors.

Aborted IPO

the previously proposed and aborted admissions of the Company
as a uranium mining and exploration company to initially the
Aquis Stock Exchange Growth Market and then AIM involving,
inter alia, the aborted acquisition of certain uranium exploration
licences.

Acquisition

the acquisition of the entire issued share capital of The Smarter
Web Company Limited, by the Company, pursuant to the
Acquisition Agreement.

Acquisition Agreement

the agreement dated 24 April 2025 between the Company and
the Sellers to acquire the entire issued share capital of The
Smarter Web Company Limited, conditional, inter alia, on
Admission, further details of which are set out in paragraph 4 of
Part I of this Document.

Act

the Companies Act, 2006, as amended.

Admission

admission of the entire issued ordinary share capital of the
Company to trading on the Access Segment of the Aquis Growth
Stock Exchange Market becoming effective in accordance with
the Aquis Growth Market Rules.

AGM

the annual general meeting of the Company held on 20 March
2025.

AI

Artificial intelligence.

AIM

a market operated by the London Stock Exchange plc.

Aquis
Rules

Growth

Market

the Aquis Growth Market Access Rulebook, which set out the
admission requirements and continuing obligations of companies
seeking admission to and whose shares are admitted to trading
on the Access Segment of the Aquis Stock Exchange Growth
Market.

Aquis Stock Exchange

Aquis Exchange PLC, a recognised investment exchange under
section 290 of FSMA.

Aquis Stock Exchange
Growth Market

the primary market for unlisted securities operated by the Aquis
Stock Exchange.

Articles or Articles of
Association

the current articles of association of the Company as at the date
of this Document.

B Loan Note Instrument

£2,500,000 B unsecured convertible loan note instrument 2025
constituted by the Company.

B Loan Notes

the loan notes constituted under the B Loan Note Instrument,

5

issued to the Pre-IPO Investors.
Board or Directors

the board of directors of the Company at a particular point in time,
comprised of the Directors.

Broker Warrants

the warrants granted to Peterhouse as summarised in paragraph
2.2.3 in Part IV of this Document.

CLN Warrants

the warrants to be issued to A Loan Note and B Loan Note
holders pursuant to the terms of the subscription letters (over
67,837,603 Ordinary Shares), as detailed in paragraph 7 of Part
I of this Document.

CLNs

£1,356,752 A Loan Notes and B Loan Notes issued to the PreIPO Investors and Rollover Investors, constituted under the Loan
Note Instruments, that convert on Admission into Ordinary
Shares of the Company at a 20% discount to the Placing Price
and the Subscription Price. Further information is set out in
paragraph 7 of Part I of this Document.

CMS

Content Management System(s).

Company or Smarter Web
Company

Uranium Energy Exploration Plc (to be renamed The Smarter
Web Company Plc from Admission), a company incorporated in
England and Wales with company number 00092343 and whose
registered office is at Suite 11, 14 London Road, Guildford,
Surrey, GU1 2AG

Consideration Shares

the 25,778,732 Ordinary Shares to be issued immediately after the
date of Admission to the Sellers of SWCL pursuant to the
Acquisition Agreement.

Consultant Shares

the 200,000 Ordinary Shares being issued to Gregg Davis in
respect of services rendered to the Company leading up to
Admission.

Consultant Warrants

the warrants to be granted to Gregg Davis as summarised in
paragraph 9 of Part I of this Document.

CREST

the computerised settlement system (as defined in the CREST
Regulations) operated by Euroclear which facilitates the holding
and transfer of title to shares in uncertificated form.

CREST Regulations

the Uncertificated Securities Regulations 2001 (SI 2001 No.
3755) as amended.

Deferred Shares

the deferred shares of £0.049 each in issue as at the date of this
Document.

Digital Assets

refers to cryptographically secured representations of value or
rights that are created, transferred, and stored on a distributed
ledger or blockchain network, including, but not limited to,
cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin and Ethereum, stablecoins, and
other blockchain-based tokens.

Directors

Mario Visconti, Sean Wade and Tyler Evans who are the
Directors of the Company as at the date of this Document and,
on and from Admission, Andrew Webley.

6

Document

this document and its contents.

Enlarged Share Capital

the Existing Ordinary Shares together with the New Shares.

Euroclear

Euroclear UK & International Limited, a company incorporated in
England and Wales and the operator of CREST.

Existing Ordinary Shares

the 7,050,000 Ordinary Shares of £0.001 each in issue as at the
date of this Document.

Existing Shareholders

means the holders of Ordinary Shares as at the date of this
Document.

FCA

the Financial Conduct Authority of the United Kingdom.

Fee Shares

the 2,250,000 Ordinary Shares being issued to Peterhouse
pursuant to an engagement letter, further details of which are
set out in paragraph 6.1 of Part IV of this Document.

FSMA

the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended.

Last Practicable Date

means 23 April 2025, being the last practicable date prior to the
publication of this Document.

Loan Note Instruments

the A Loan Note Instrument and the B Loan Note Instrument,
details of which are set out in paragraph 6.1 of Part IV of this
Document.

Loan Notes

means the A Loan Notes and the B Loan Notes.

Locked-in Directors

those Directors, including the Proposed Director, who hold
Existing Ordinary Shares or who will acquire or receive Ordinary
Shares during the Lock-in Period.

Locked-in Parties

the Locked-in Directors.

Lock-in Agreements

the lock-in agreements between the Company, Peterhouse and
each of the Locked-In Parties (respectively), further details of
which are set out in paragraph 16 of Part I of this Document.

Lock-in Period

in the case of the Locked-in Directors, the period of 12 months
following Admission.

London Stock Exchange

London Stock Exchange PLC.

Material Contracts

material contracts entered into either by the Company or SWCL,
summaries of which are set out in paragraph 6 of Part IV of this
Document.

New Shares

means a total of 139,851,357 Ordinary Shares, comprising, the Fee
Shares, the Consideration Shares, the Consultant Shares, the
Rollover Shares, the Ordinary Shares to be issued under the A
Loan Notes and B Loan Notes, the Subscription Shares, the
Placing Shares, the Retail Offer Shares and the Ordinary Shares
to be issued to certain Directors and the Proposed Director, as set
out in paragraph 4.2.1 of Part IV of this Document.

Official List

the Official List of the FCA.

Ordinary Shares

the Existing Ordinary Shares of £0.001 each in issue as at the date

7

of this Document.
Panel

as defined in paragraph 16 of Part I of this Document.

Peterhouse

Peterhouse Capital Limited, Aquis Growth Market Corporate
Adviser and Broker to the Company, which is authorised and
regulated by the FCA.

Placing

the proposed placing of the Placing Shares at the Placing Price,
conditional upon Admission.

Placing Price

2.5 pence per Placing Share.

Placing Shares

the 6,224,000 Ordinary Shares being issued pursuant to the
Placing.

Pre-IPO Fundraise

the pre-IPO fundraise of the sum of £1,075,500 by way of the issue
of the B Loan Notes details of which are summarised in paragraph
7 of Part I of this Document.

Pre-IPO Investors

the holders of B Loan Notes, subscribing for Ordinary Shares as
part of the Pre-IPO Fundraise, at a 20% discount to the Placing
Price and Subscription Price.

Pre-IPO Shares

53,775,000 ordinary shares to be issued and allotted on conversion
of the B Loan Notes.

Proposed Director

Andrew Webley, to be appointed as a Director of the Company
on and from Admission.

QCA Code

the Corporate Governance Code for Small and Mid-sized Quoted
Companies 2013, published in 2018 by the Quoted Companies
Alliance.

Related Parties

means a person who is (or was within the 12 months before the
date of the relevant transaction or event) a substantial
shareholder, being a person who is entitled to exercise, or to
control the exercise of, 10 per cent or more of the votes able to be
cast on all or substantially all matters at general meetings of the
Company.

Relationship Agreement

the agreement dated 24 April 2025 between the Company and
210K Capital, LP and Peterhouse, details which are set out in
paragraph 6.1 of Part IV of this Document.

Retail Offer

the placing of the Retail Offer Shares at the Subscription Price and
Placing Price through intermediaries to be made using the
Winterflood Retail Access Platform (“WRAP”).

Retail Offer Shares

15,824,128 new Ordinary Shares to be issued pursuant to the
Retail Offer.

Reverse Takeover

an acquisition by the Company which constitutes a reverse
takeover for the purposes of the Aquis Growth Market Rules.

Rollover Investors

refers to those legacy investors in relation to the Aborted IPO who
have subscribed for £281,252 A Loan Notes (as summarised in
paragraph 7 of Part I of this Document).

Rollover Shares

14,062,603 ordinary shares to be issued and allotted on conversion

8

of the A Loan Notes.
Sellers

Andrew Webley and Joanna Webley, wife of Andrew Webley,
vendors of 100% of SWCL’s ordinary shares.

Shareholders

persons who are registered as the holders of Existing Ordinary
Shares and / or Ordinary Shares from time to time.

Significant Shareholders

those Shareholders whose holdings represent more than 3 per
cent. of the Enlarged Share Capital or voting rights of the
Company.

Subscription

the proposed subscription of the Subscription Shares at the
Subscription Price, conditional upon Admission.

Subscription Letters

the separate subscription letters between the Company and each
of the subscribers for, as relevant, A Loan Notes or B Loan Notes.

Subscription Price

2.5 pence per Subscription Share.

Subscription Shares

the 18,856,894 Ordinary Shares to be issued pursuant to the
Subscription.

SWCL

The Smarter Web Company Limited, a company incorporated in
England and Wales with company number 07113945 and whose
registered office is at 19 Viburnum Road, Almondsbury, Bristol,
BS32 4DH.

SWCL Warrants

pursuant to the Acquisition Agreement, the Sellers will be entitled
to a one for one Warrant (over 25,778,732 Ordinary Shares),
exercisable on and from the first year from Admission until the
third anniversary of Admission at the Placing Price and
Subscription Price, further details of which are outlined in
paragraph 4 of Part I of this Document.

Takeover Code

The City Code on Takeovers and Mergers.

UK or United Kingdom

the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland.

Uncertificated
or
certificated form

in

recorded on the relevant register of the share or security
concerned as being held in uncertificated form in CREST and title
to which, by virtue of the CREST Regulations may be transferred
by means of CREST.

Warrant Agreements

as described in paragraph 2.2.3 of Part IV of this Document.

Warrants

the warrants to be issued by the Company, constituting the
SWCL Warrants, the CLN Warrants, the Consultant Warrants
and the Broker Warrants.

WRAP

Winterflood Retail Access Platform (“WRAP”) is a proprietary
technology platform owned and operated by Winterflood
Securities Ltd (registered address at Riverbank House, 2 Swan
Lane, London EC4R 3GA; FRN 141455).

9

KEY STATISTICS
EXPECTED TIMETABLE OF PRINCIPAL EVENTS
Publication of this Document

24 April 2025

Admission to trading on the Aquis Stock Exchange Growth Market
becomes effective and commencement of dealings in the
Ordinary Shares

8.00 a.m. on 25 April 2025

Ordinary Shares credited to CREST accounts (where applicable)

25 April 2025

Dispatch of share certificates (where applicable)

On or about 6 May 2025

SHARE CAPITAL INFORMATION
Number of Existing Ordinary Shares in issue at the date of this
Document

7,050,000

Number of existing deferred shares in issue at the date of this
Document

7,050,000

Total Consideration Shares pursuant to the Acquisition Agreement

25,778,732

Placing Price and Subscription Price

£0.025

Total Subscription Shares issued at the Subscription Price
pursuant to the Subscription, on Admission

18,856,894

Total Placing Shares to be issued at the Placing Price pursuant to
the Placing, on Admission

6,224,000

Number of Fee Shares to be issued on Admission

2,250,000

Number of Consultant Shares to be issued on Admission

200,000

Number of Rollover Shares to be issued under the A Loan Notes
on Admission

14,062,603

Number of Pre-IPO Investors Ordinary Shares to be issued under
the B Loan Notes on Admission

53,775,000

Number of Retail Offer Shares

15,824,128

Enlarged Share Capital on Admission

146,901,357

Consideration Shares as a percentage of the Enlarged Share
Capital on Admission

17.55%

Subscription and Placing Shares and Retail Offer Shares as a
percentage of the Enlarged Share Capital

27.85%

Market Capitalisation on Admission

£3,672,534

TRADING DATA

GB00BPJHZ015

ISIN
SEDOL

BPJHZ015

PROPOSED TIDM

SWC

10

LEI

213800VQO9FUG4PZMP73

*Each of the times and dates in the above timetable is subject to change. If any of the above times and/or dates change, the revised
times and/or dates will be notified to Shareholders by announcement through a Regulatory Information Service.
References to time in this document are to London time. The timetable above assumes that the Resolutions are passed at the General
Meeting.

11

PROPOSED DIRECTOR, DIRECTORS, SECRETARY
AND ADVISERS
Proposed Director

Andrew Simon John Webley (Chief Executive Officer*)

Directors

Sean Edward Wade (Non- Executive Chairman**)
Mario Visconti (Chief Financial Officer**)
Tyler Matthew Evans (Non-Executive Director**)
*To be appointed on and from Admission
**Roles from Admission

Company Secretary

Blakelaw Secretaries Limited

Registered office

Suite 11
14 London Road
Guildford
Surrey, GU1 2AG

Company Website on Admission

https://www.smarterwebcompany.co.uk/

Aquis Growth Market Corporate Adviser and
Joint Broker

Peterhouse Capital Limited
3rd Floor
80 Cheapside
London
EC2V 6EE

Lead Broker

Tennyson Securities
65 Petty France
London
SW1H 9EU

UK Legal advisers to the Company

Blake Morgan LLP
Apex Plaza
Forbury Road
Reading
RG1 1AX

Reporting accountants and Auditors to the
Company

Pointon Young Chartered Accountants
33 Ludgate Hill
Birmingham
West Midlands
B3 1EH

Registrar

Share Registrars Limited
3 The Millennium Centre
Crosby Way
Farnham
Surrey
GU9 7XX

12

PART I
INFORMATION ON THE COMPANY AND THE SMARTER WEB COMPANY LIMITED

1

BACKGROUND TO AND REASONS FOR THE PROPOSED ACQUISITION

The Company, previously AIM quoted, had its Existing Ordinary Shares cancelled from trading in June 2016.
On 3 December 2014, the Company became an AIM investing company and was accordingly required to
implement its investing policy or make an acquisition constituting a Reverse Takeover, within 12 months of
becoming an investing company. As announced on 4 December 2015, the Company had neither undertaken
a Reverse Takeover nor was it considered to have implemented its investing policy, and in accordance with
Rule 15 of the AIM Rules for Companies, the Existing Ordinary Shares were suspended on 4 December
2015. The Existing Ordinary Shares were cancelled from trading on AIM on 6 June 2016.
In a subsequent effort to IPO, and in accordance with its revised investment mandate, the Company had
been focusing its efforts in the natural resources sector. The Company had reviewed a number of different
minerals within this revised investment strategy and had identified an acquisition opportunity with Power
Metal Resources, however, the transaction ultimately did not complete.
The Directors have since agreed on a new direction for the Company, looking at the web design, web
development and online marketing industry and the prospective acquisition of SWCL, and are now confident
of being able to return value to Shareholders. The Directors believe this opportunity comes from:

2

•

Growth opportunities around a suite of core existing services including readymade web design,
bespoke web design, custom web development solutions, logo design, copywriting as well as other
content initiatives and online marketing services, such as search engine optimisation (SEO).

•

A buy & build strategy targeting other businesses in the web design, web development and online
marketing sector with a view to growing SWCL’s number of clients and / or recurring revenue.

INTRODUCTION

The Company has agreed to acquire the entire issued share capital of The Smarter Web Company Limited
(SWCL), a private limited company incorporated in England that operates a web design agency that aims
to help businesses of varying sizes get a better return from online activities.
From Admission the Company will change its name from Uranium Energy Exploration Plc to The Smarter
Web Company Plc (please see paragraph 22 of this Part I which summarises certain resolutions passed at
the recent AGM, including the resolution to change the Company’s name).
The focus of the Company will be to grow revenue through both increasing service adoption with existing
clients and expanding its client base. This growth will be driven by enhanced marketing efforts, coupled
with the increased visibility that comes with being a stock market listed company.
In addition, the Company believes that a buy and build strategy offers an exciting opportunity for growth.
The Company will progress an acquisition strategy targeting other businesses with a view to growing its
number of clients and / or recurring revenue. The Company will only make acquisitions where the Directors
believe the timing and opportunity is appropriate.
The Company will adopt a Digital Assets Treasury Policy, in support of, and as the Company explores
organic growth and suitable corporate acquisitions.
Further details are set out at paragraph 3 of this Part I.
The Directors and the Proposed Director believe that they have the necessary collective skills and
professional experience in the technology, digital marketing and web design space to enable the Company
to succeed in executing its business strategy.
Application has been made for the Ordinary Shares to be admitted to trading on the Aquis Stock Exchange

13

Growth Market. It is expected that Admission will become effective and that trading in the Ordinary Shares
will commence on 25 April 2025.
In connection with Admission, the Company has raised funds from the Placing and Subscription. The
Company will have raised gross proceeds of £627,022.35 from the issue and allotment of 25,080,894
Placing Shares and Subscription Shares at 2.5 pence per share.
Further, the Company has also conditionally raised £395,603 through the Retail Offer at the Subscription
Price and the Placing Price, via the WRAP Retail Offer Shares.
Through the Pre-IPO Investors the Company has raised new monies in the sum of £1,075,500.
Following the deduction of expenses associated with Admission, the Company is expected to have net
proceeds of approximately £1,900,000. The net proceeds from the Placing and Subscription and the Retail
Offer will be used principally as working capital to fund the Company’s growth and to implement its strategy.
3

INFORMATION ON THE SMARTER WEB COMPANY LIMITED

The Smarter Web Company Limited, established in 2009, is a UK-based web design agency, specialising
in creating bespoke, mobile-friendly websites and offers a range of online marketing strategies to help
businesses of all sizes enhance their online presence. Services include various web design packages, logo
design, SEO, animation, and custom development. Each website is designed and built by a team of inhouse web designers, providing clients with full content management capabilities to update their sites as
needed. By eliminating unnecessary costs, the Directors believe that SWCL offers high-quality web design
at competitive prices.
Websites are built on a proprietary content management system (CMS), developed by the founder, and the
business aims to offer a first-class customer experience. All clients are serviced remotely and pay an initial
fee, an annual hosting charge and an optional monthly marketing charge. Once a website is live, support is
available to clients as needed and billed at an hourly rate.
The Company believes that a buy and build strategy offers an exciting opportunity for growth. The global
web design, web development and online marketing industry is diverse and highly fragmented, comprising
of a wide range of different businesses and freelancers. The Company will progress an acquisition strategy
targeting other businesses with a view to growing its number of clients and / or recurring revenue. The
Company will only make acquisitions where the Directors believe the timing and opportunity is appropriate.
Since 2023, SWCL has adopted a policy of accepting payment in Bitcoin, as SWCL believes that Bitcoin
forms a core part of the future of the global financial system. Reflecting the Directors view that Digital Assets
also offer a way to preserve value and mitigate against inflation, the Company will adopt a Digital Assets
Treasury Policy. As the Company explores opportunities through organic growth and corporate acquisitions
it will look to store its capital in a mix of cash and Digital Assets, including Bitcoin. The Company will
announce relevant material changes to its treasury holdings as part of regular market updates on its core
business.

4

PRINCIPAL TERMS OF THE ACQUISITION AGREEMENT

Under the terms of the Acquisition Agreement the Company will acquire 100% of the Sellers’ ordinary
shares of The Smarter Web Company Limited, in consideration for 25,778,732 Consideration Shares and
a sum of £90,000 in cash.
In addition to the payment of the above consideration, the Sellers will also receive the SWCL Warrants
whereby the Sellers will be entitled to a one for one warrant, exercisable on and from the first year from
Admission until the third anniversary of Admission at the Placing and Subscription Price, into a total of
25,778,732 new Ordinary Shares.
The Acquisition Agreement is conditional on Admission.
The Consideration Shares will represent approximately 17.55% (assuming the New Shares are also issued)

14

of the Enlarged Share Capital on Admission and will, when issued, rank pari passu in all respects with the
Ordinary Shares, including all rights to all dividends and other distributions declared, made or paid following
Admission.

5

MARKET OPPORTUNITY

The global Web Development Market size is estimated at $74.69 billion in 2025, and is expected to reach
$104.31 billion by 2030, at a CAGR of 6.91%1, driven by a number of key trends.
Key trends underpinning the growth include: Artificial Intelligence (“AI”), Machine Learning (“ML”) and the
expansion of ‘Low-Code’ and ‘No-Code’ platforms.
The growth of AI and application of ML has seen an unprecedent rate of growth over the recent years. The
adoption of AI in the software development space has enhanced operational efficiency and customer
experiences, providing greater opportunities for software development businesses to easily scale.
In tandem with this, the expansion of low-code and no-code capabilities has significantly increased the
ability to create custom platforms at a faster rate, allowing businesses to expand their client base and
offering.
The web design, web development and online marketing sector offers significant opportunities for growth
and value creation. Online marketing has evolved from being a supplementary business consideration to
the core business consideration. By combining data-driven marketing strategies with user-friendly web
design, businesses can increase customer engagement and drive higher returns on investment. The
demand for full-service agencies that offer holistic digital marketing solutions at a competitive price
continues to rise as businesses seek cohesive, multi-channel strategies. Companies that invest in web
design and web development are better positioned to meet consumer expectations and create more
engaging, user-centric experiences. Mobile-friendly websites have become essential as mobile browsing
now accounts for a significant portion of online traffic. Businesses that prioritise web design and web
development can enhance user satisfaction, increase retention and obtain a competitive edge.
Moreover, the global shift toward digital-first consumer behaviour has driven businesses to prioritise online
activities and the UK’s digital economy has expanded rapidly with demand for robust, scalable and
customised online solutions. The United Kingdom has a strong technology industry, with a number of
startups and established businesses focusing on software development. This has given rise to a competitive
and fragmented market in software development, with companies constantly evolving and innovating to
stay ahead. In line with one aspect of the Company’s strategy going forward, the fragmented nature of the
sector creates possible opportunities for growth via bolt-on acquisitions and a buy and build strategy, for
which, the Company will assess and evaluate opportunities, where there is clear rationale and synergies
align. With the gradual recovery and steady growth of the UK economy, there is a clear market opportunity
to consolidate, and grow the business.
The Company can accept Bitcoin as a form of tender. In addition to its core web services, the Company
recognises Digital Assets, such as Bitcoin, as an innovative and forward-thinking way to manage the
Company’s working and growth capital. By using these assets as part of a treasury management policy, the
Company demonstrates adaptability to emerging technologies and a proactive stance toward financial
innovation. This approach may appeal to stakeholders who value cutting-edge financial practices that
complement traditional business operations.

6

USE OF PROCEEDS:

The proceeds of the fundraising, will be used as detailed below:
Staff & Director costs

1

£200,000

https://www.mordorintelligence.com/industry-reports/web-development-market

15

Marketing

£100,000

General & Administrative

£50,000

Commission for fundraising

£35,000

Costs associated with Admission

£140,000

Treasury management funds (pending acquisition opportunities)

£1,300,000

Surplus

£75,000

Total

£1,900,000

7

INFORMATION ON THE PLACING, THE SUBSCRIPTION, RETAIL OFFER AND THE LOAN NOTES

The issue of the Placing Shares and the Subscription Shares is expected to raise approximately £627,022
for the Company before expenses. The Placing Shares and Subscription Shares will represent
approximately 17.07% of the Enlarged Share Capital, and the proceeds of their issue will be used as set
out in paragraph 6 above.
The Placing Shares and the Subscription Shares will rank pari passu with the Existing Ordinary Shares,
including the right to receive, in full, all dividends and other distributions thereafter declared, made or paid
after the date of Admission.
The Placing and the Subscription are not underwritten or guaranteed, and is conditional, inter alia, on:
1. completion of the Acquisition; and
2. Admission becoming effective.
The Company has also unconditionally raised £1,075,500 through the B Loan Notes issued to the Pre-IPO
Investors. The B Loan Notes issued to Pre-IPO Investors, convert on Admission into Ordinary Shares of
the Company at a 20% discount to the Placing Price and the Subscription Price, equating to 53,775,000
Ordinary Shares being issued on Admission. 210K Capital, LP holds £780,000 of B Loan Notes convertible
on Admission to 39,000,000 Ordinary Shares. Tyler Evans, a Director, is also a director of 210K Capital,
LP.
Jamie Tosh, who is to become a consultant of the Company on and from Admission, through his
consultancy company, JT Management Group Limited, holds £10,000 of B Loan Notes convertible on
Admission to 500,000 Ordinary Shares.
In addition to the B Loan Notes, the Rollover Investors who originally subscribed for shares in the Company
in connection with the Aborted IPO, and who were not issued and allotted such shares, have subscribed
for £281,252 of A Loan Notes using their original subscription monies rather than have such monies
returned to them. The A Loan Notes issued to the Rollover Investors, convert on Admission into Ordinary
Shares of the Company at a 20% discount to the Placing Price and the Subscription Price, equating to
14,062,603 Ordinary Shares on Admission.
The Rollover Investors includes:
•

Sean Wade, who is a Director and will become the Company’s Non-Executive Chairman on and from
Admisison, and who holds through his consultancy company, Keysford Limited, £10,000 A Loan Notes
convertible on Admission to 500,000 Ordinary Shares.

•

Mario Visconti, who is a Director and will become the Company’s Chief Financial Officer on and from
Admisison, and who holds through his consultancy company, 123 Accounting Solutions Limited,
£19,000 A Loan Notes convertible on Admission to 950,000 Ordinary Shares.

The CLNs held by the Pre-IPO Investors and the Rollover Investors will have an attaching warrant on a
one-for-one basis, exercisable on and from the first year from Admission until the third anniversary of
Admission at the Placing Price and the Subscription Price. Further information on the Warrants is detailed
in paragraph 19 of this Part I.

16

The Company has also conditionally raised £395,603 through the Retail Offer at the Subscription Price
and the Placing Price, via the WRAP Retail Offer Shares to be issued subject to:
1.

completion of the Acquisition; and

2.

Admission becoming effective.

The Company launched the Retail Offer on 15 April 2025 through WRAP and closed the Retail Offer on 17
April 2025. The Retail Offer Shares are expected to be admitted to trading on the Aquis Stock Exchange
Growth Market on 25 April 2025. The Retail Offer Shares will represent approximately 10.77% of the Enlarged
Share Capital.
8

PROPOSED DIRECTOR AND DIRECTORS

An introductory summary of each Director is set out below.
Andrew Webley – Proposed Director (to become the Company’s Chief Executive Officer (age: 47))
Mr Webley is an accomplished Full Stack MS .NET Developer with over 20 years of experience in planning
and developing and marketing a wide range of web-based projects. Andrew is the founder of The Smarter
Web Company Ltd and before this, was the Head of Online at Hargreaves Lansdown, one of the UK's most
successful financial services companies.
Sean Edward Wade – Non-Executive Chairman (age: 54)
Sean Wade is Chief Executive Officer of AIM-listed Power Metal Resources. He has over 30 years’
experience in capital markets, investor relations and corporate business development. He started his
career in 1993 as a stockbroker at Cazenove & Co, moving in 2007 to become one of the founding
shareholders of Liberum Capital. Since 2012, he has held a number of roles advising listed companies on
investor relations and business development across the natural resources, financial and technology
sectors, including two years as Chief Commercial Officer of Berkeley Energia, a London, Australia and
Madrid listed uranium development company.
In 2020, he founded Scout Advisory, a consultancy advising listed corporates on all aspects of investor
relations, corporate communications and business development.
Mario Visconti – Chief Financial Officer (age: 44)
Mario Visconti has over 25 years’ experience in the accountancy sector. He owns a successful accountancy
and consultancy business that specialises working with limited companies in the private sectors. He has
been finance manager of a company within the construction industry for 17 years, heading up the finance
department. Mario also works as a consultant Financial Controller for a number of PLCs, assisting them with
internal financial management and reporting.
Tyler Evans – Non-Executive Director – Executive Director (age: 33)
Tyler is co-founder and Chief Investment Officer of UTXO Management. He is also a co-founder of UTXO
Management’s parent company, BTC Inc., publisher of Bitcoin Magazine and host of the annual Bitcoin
conference. Tyler has been investing in the Bitcoin ecosystem since 2013, is a mentor at the Bitcoin Startup
Lab and the Draper BitcoinFi accelerator and serves on the board of Metaplanet.
Jamie Tosh – Consultant
In addition to the Directors, the Company also employs James (“Jamie”) Tosh as a Consultant. Jamie is an
accomplished Programme Manager, Senior Project Manager, and Operations Executive with 20 years of
experience in senior leadership roles. He currently serves as Chief Operating Officer of AIM-listed Power
Metal Resources PLC, where he provides strategic leadership and operational expertise.
Jamie has held director-level positions across the UK, Australia, Africa, and Canada, playing a pivotal role in
the growth and development of global junior exploration companies.

17

His expertise lies in the establishment, restructuring, and operational management of businesses in the UK
and internationally.
Jamie holds a Diploma in Corporate Governance from the Institute of Corporate Governance, further
strengthening his ability to support the Company in achieving its strategic objectives.
9

CONSULTANTS / CONSULTANT SHARES

The Company has entered into a consultancy agreement with JT Management Group Limited dated 24 April
2025, with a notice period of 3 months, under which Jamie Tosh will provide operational consultancy services.
It is intended that in the first year from Admission JT Management Group Limited will be paid an annual fee
of £6,000 increasing to £30,000 on and from the second year from Admission. Under the terms of the letter
of appointment, he will also receive £24,000 of Ordinary Shares at the Subscription Price and Placing Price
per such share, equating to 960,000 Ordinary Shares to be issued to him on Admission (as consideration for
services provided in connection with preparing the Company for Admission).
A consultant’s fee will be payable to Gregg Davis in connection with providing certain marketing
consultancy services in connection to the Admission and the pre-IPO fundraise which will be satisfied in
full through the issue of approximately 200,000 Ordinary Shares (amounting to the sum of approximately
£4,000) at a discount of 20% to the expected Subscription Price of 2.5 pence per Ordinary Share. Mr Davis
will also receive by way of Warrants the right to subscribe for one additional Ordinary Share for each
Ordinary Share he receives in satisfaction of the outstanding fees, such warrants being exercisable on and
from the first year from Admission until the third anniversary of Admission.
A consultant’s fee will be payable to Tyler Evans, a Director, in connection with him providing consultancy
services in respect of the Pre-IPO Fundraise which will be satisfied in full through the issue of approximately
960,000 Ordinary Shares (amounting to the sum of approximately £24,000) at the expected Placing and
Subscription Price of 2.5 pence per Ordinary Share.
10

DIRECTORS REMUNERATION

Sean Edward Wade
On 24 April 2025, Sean Wade entered into a letter of appointment with the Company, under the terms of
which he has agreed to act as the Non-Executive Director of the Company. The letter of appointment is
effective from the date of Admission, and may be terminated by either party giving to the other 3 months'
notice. The fee payable by the Company in consideration for the performance of the services is £36,000 per
annum. The service agreement is governed by the laws of England and Wales.
Andrew Simon John Webley
On 24 April 2025, Andrew Webley entered into a service agreement with the Company, under the terms of
which he has agreed to act as the Chief Executive Officer of the Company. The Service Agreement is
effective from the date of Admission, and may be terminated by either party giving to the other 12 months'
notice. The fee payable by the Company in consideration for the performance of the services is £120,000
per annum. The service agreement is governed by the laws of England and Wales.
Andrew Webley has a company car provided by SWCL under a hire purchase agreement with instalment
payments of £767.64 per month and SWCL has previously paid into Andrew’s personal pension scheme
from time to time.
Mario Visconti
On 24 April 2025, Mario Visconti entered into a service agreement with the Company, under the terms of
which he has agreed to act as the Chief Financial Officer of the Company. The Service Agreement is effective
from the date of Admission, and may be terminated by either party giving to the other 6 months' notice. The
fee payable by the Company in consideration for the performance of the services is £36,000 per annum. The
service agreement is governed by the laws of England and Wales.
Tyler Evans
On 24 April 2025, Tyler Evans entered into a letter of appointment with the Company, under the terms of
which he has agreed to act as the Non-Executive Director of the Company. The letter of appointment is
effective from the date of Admission, and may be terminated by either party giving to the other 3 months'

18

notice. The fee payable by the Company in consideration for the performance of the services is £12,000 per
annum, increasing to £36,000 on and from the second year from Admission. The service agreement is
governed by the laws of England and Wales.
11

WORKING CAPITAL

The Directors are of the opinion, having made due and careful enquiry, that the working capital available to
the Company on Admission will be sufficient for the present requirements of the Company, that is, for the
period of twelve months following Admission.
12

DIVIDEND POLICY

The Company does not have a policy on dividend distributions. The Directors do not intend to pay a dividend
for the foreseeable future until the Company has achieved sufficient profitability and requirements for working
capital are such that it is prudent to do so and, even then, the Directors may not determine to pay any dividend
or make any other form of distribution. It follows that no assurance is or can be given that the Company will
every pay any dividend or make any other form of distribution.
13

CONSENT TO INCLUSION

Peterhouse, which is authorised and regulated by the FCA, has given and not withdrawn its written consent
to the inclusion in this Document of references to its name in the form and context in which it appears.
Peterhouse is acting exclusively for the Company in connection with Admission and not for any other persons.
Peterhouse will not be responsible to any other persons other than the Company for providing the protections
afforded to customers of Peterhouse or for advising any such person in connection with Admission.
Peterhouse is registered in England and Wales under company number: 02075091 and with registered
address at 3rd Floor 80 Cheapside, London, United Kingdom, EC2V 6EE.
Pointon Young Limited has given and has not withdrawn its written consent to the issue of this Document
with the inclusion herein of their report as set out in Part III (A) of this Document and the references thereto.
Pointon Young Limited also accepts responsibility for its report.
Adler Shine LLP have been appointed as the auditors of the Company for the financial years ending 31
October 2023 and 31 October 2024. Adler Shine LLP are registered to carry out audit work by the Institute
of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales. Adler Shine LLP’s business address is at Aston House,
Cornwall Avenue, London, N3 1LF. Adler Shine LLP has given and has not withdrawn its written consent to
the issue of this Document with the inclusion herein of their report as set out in Part III (A) of this Document
and the references thereto.
HJS Accountants Ltd have been appointed as the auditors of SWCL for the financial years ending 31
December 2023 and 31 December 2024. HJS Accountants Ltd are registered to carry out audit work by the
Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales. HJS Accountants Ltd’s business address is at 3
Richfield Place, Reading, Berkshire, RG1 8EQ. HJS Accountants Ltd has given and has not withdrawn its
written consent to the issue of this Document with the inclusion herein of their report as set out in Part III (B)
and (C) of this Document and the references thereto. HJS Accountants Ltd also accepts responsibility for its
report.
14

NO SIGNIFICANT CHANGE

Except as disclosed in this Document, there has been no significant change in the financial or trading position
of the Company since 31 October 2024, the date to which the Financial Information in Part III (A) of this
Document was prepared.
Except as disclosed in this Document, there has been no significant change in the financial or trading position
of SWCL since 31 December 2024, the date to which the Financial Information in Part III (B) of this Document
were prepared.
15

THE TAKEOVER CODE

The Takeover Code is issued and administered by the Panel. The Takeover Code and the Panel operate to
ensure fair and equal treatment of shareholders in relation to takeovers, and also provide an orderly
framework within which takeovers are conducted. The Takeover Code applies to all takeover and merger

19

transactions, however effected, where the offeree company is, inter alia, a company which has its registered
office in the UK, the Channel Islands or the Isle of Man, the securities of which are admitted to trading on a
regulated market or a multilateral trading facility (such as the Main Market) in the United Kingdom or on any
stock exchange in the Channel Islands or the Isle of Man. Accordingly, the Takeover Code applies to the
Company.
Under Rule 9 of the Takeover Code,
(a)

(b)

any person who acquires an interest in shares which (taken together with shares in which that
person or any person acting in concert with that person is interested) carry 30% or more of the
voting rights of a company; or
any person, together with persons acting in concert with that person, is interested in shares which
in the aggregate carry not less than 30% of the voting rights of a company but does not hold shares
carrying more than 50% of such voting rights and such person, or any person acting in concert with
that person, acquires an interest in any other shares which increases the percentage of shares
carrying voting rights in which that person is interested,

such person shall extend offers, on the basis set out in Rule 9.3 and Rule 9.5, to the holders of any class of
equity share capital whether voting or non-voting and also to the holders of any other class of transferable
securities carrying voting rights.
An offer under Rule 9 must be made in cash at the highest price paid by the person required to make the
offer, or any person acting in concert with such person, for any interest in shares of the company during the
12 months prior to the announcement of the offer.
Under the Takeover Code, a concert party arises when persons, pursuant to an agreement or understanding
(whether formal or informal), co-operate to obtain or consolidate control of a company or to frustrate the
successful outcome of an offer for a company. Under the Takeover Code, control means an interest, or
aggregate interests, in shares carrying 30 per cent or more of the voting rights of a company, irrespective of
whether the interest or interests give de facto control. In this context, voting rights means all the voting rights
attributable to the capital of the company which are currently exercisable at an extraordinary general meeting.
On and following Admission, the Takeover Code will continue to apply to the Company.

16

LOCK-IN AGREEMENTS

On 24 April 2025, the Locked-in Directors entered into Lock-in Agreements with the Company and
Peterhouse pursuant to which they have agreed to be subject to a twelve-month Lock-in Period. During the
Lock-in Period, subject to certain exceptions, none of the Locked-in Parties may offer, sell or contract to sell,
or otherwise dispose of any Ordinary Shares or enter into any transaction with the same economic effect as
the foregoing (each a ‘‘Disposal’’). Andrew Webley has, however, agreed with Peterhouse that he will make
Ordinary Shares available for sale within that twelve-month period if such a Disposal is required to maintain
an orderly market in the Ordinary Shares. In addition, the Locked-in Parties, have also agreed that any
Disposal made by them in the subsequent twelve-month period will be undertaken, save in certain
circumstances, only following Peterhouse’s agreement and if brokered through the Company’s broker.
Further details of such undertakings are contained in paragraph 6.1 of Part IV of this Document.
17

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

The Directors recognise the importance of sound corporate governance and, with effect from Admission,
the Directors intend to observe the requirements of the QCA Code to the extent they consider appropriate
in light of the Company’s size, stage of development and resources.
The Company has established an audit committee and a remuneration committee. With effect from
Admission the members of the audit committee will be Mario Visconti as chairperson, with Andrew Webley
as a member. The remuneration committee will be chaired by Sean Wade with Tyler Evans as a member.
The audit committee has primary responsibility for monitoring the quality of internal controls and ensuring
that the financial performance of the Company is properly measured and reported on. The remuneration
committee will review the performance of the Board and make recommendations to the board of directors

20

of the Company on matters relating to their remuneration and terms of employment. The committee will
also make recommendations to the board of directors of the Company on proposals for the granting of
share awards and other equity incentives pursuant to any share award scheme or equity incentive scheme
in operation from time to time.
In light of the size of the board of directors of the Company, the Directors do not consider it necessary to
establish a nomination committee. However, the Directors will keep this under regular review.
Share Dealing Code
The Company has adopted a share dealing code for dealings in securities of the Company by the Directors
and Persons Discharging Managerial Responsibility which is appropriate for a company whose shares are
traded on the Aquis Stock Exchange Growth Market. This will constitute the Company’s share dealing
policy for the purpose of compliance with UK Legislation including the Market Abuse Regulation and Rule
4.1 of the Aquis Growth Market Rules. It should be noted that the insider dealing legislation set out in the
UK Criminal Justice Act 1993, as well as provisions relating to market abuse, will apply to the Company
and dealings in Ordinary Shares.
The Company has implemented an anti-bribery and corruption policy and also implemented appropriate
procedures to ensure that the Board, employees and consultants comply with the UK Bribery Act 2010.
The Directors have established financial controls and reporting procedures, which are considered
appropriate given the size of and structure of the Company. These controls will be reviewed in the light of
an investment or acquisition and adjusted accordingly.
18

APPLICATION TO THE AQUIS STOCK EXCHANGE GROWTH MARKET

An application will be made for the Existing Ordinary Shares and the New Shares to be admitted to trading
on the Aquis Stock Exchange Growth Market. Dealings in the Ordinary Shares are expected to commence
on 25 April 2025.
19

SHARE OPTIONS

The Directors believe that it is important for the success and growth of the Company to employ and engage
highly motivated personnel and that equity incentives are available to attract, retain and reward employees,
directors and consultants. In order to achieve that objective, the Company intends to adopt an incentive plan
under which it may award new Ordinary Shares to directors, employees and consultants pursuant to share
option and incentive schemes approved by the Board. It is intended that any individual awards under any
such scheme will be subject to vesting and/or performance conditions.
From Admission, the Company intends to undertake grants of options to employees, Directors and
consultants, as a means of recruiting and incentivising their performance. The Directors expect to issue
options of up to approximately 10% over the Ordinary Shares of the Enlarged Share Capital, subject to
appropriate vesting and/or performance conditions.
The Company confirms that, in accordance with best corporate governance practices, the total number of
Ordinary Shares that may be issued under any incentive plan adopted by the Company will not exceed 10%
of the Company's issued Ordinary Shares from time to time without the prior approval of Shareholders.
Warrants
A total of 53,775,000 Warrants will be granted to the Pre-IPO Investors on a one-for-one basis, pursuant to
the Subscription Letters. The Warrants are exercisable at a price of 2.5 pence per share on and from the first
year from Admission until the third anniversary of Admission.
A total of 25,778,732 SWCL Warrants will be granted to the Sellers to subscribe for Ordinary Shares at 2.5
pence per share at any time on and from the first year from Admission until the third anniversary of Admission.
A total of 14,062,603 Warrants will be granted to the Rollover Investors on a one-for-one basis, pursuant to
the CLNs. The warrants are exercisable at a price of 2.5 pence per Ordinary Share on and from the first year

21

from Admission until the third anniversary of Admission.
A total of 2,250,000 Warrants will be granted to Peterhouse at an exercise price of 2.5 pence per such share,
exercisable on and from the first year from Admission until the third anniversary of Admission.
Further details of the Warrants to be granted, including Warrants to be granted to certain Directors and
consultants, are set out in 2.2.3 of Part IV.
Sean Wade, through his consultancy company, Keysford Limited, holds Warrants over 500,000 Ordinary
Shares, exercisable at 2.5 pence per such share on and from the first year from Admission until the third
anniversary of Admission to be granted in connection to his consultancy company’s subscription for £10,000
A Loan Notes convertible into 500,000 Ordinary Shares.
Mario Visconti, through his consultancy company, 123 Accounting Solutions Limited, holds Warrants over
950,000 Ordinary Shares, exercisable at 2.5 pence per such share on and from the first year from Admission
until the third anniversary of Admission to be granted in connection to his consultancy company’s subscription
for £19,000 A Loan Notes convertible into 950,000 Ordinary Shares.
210K Capital, LP, holds Warrants over 39,000,000 Ordinary Shares, exercisable at 2.5 pence per such share
to be granted in connection to its subscription for £780,000 B Loan Notes convertible into 39,000,000
Ordinary Shares.
Jamie Tosh, through his consultancy company, JT Management Group Ltd, holds Warrants over 500,000
Ordinary Shares, exercisable at 2.5 pence per such share on and from the first year from Admission until
the third anniversary of Admission to be granted in connection with his consultancy company’s subscription
for £10,000 B Loan Notes convertible into 500,000 Ordinary Shares.
Gregg Davis, holds Warrants over 200,000 Ordinary Shares, exercisable at 2.5 pence per such share on
and from the first year from Admission until the third anniversary of Admission to be granted in connection
with providing certain marketing consultancy services.
20

CREST

The Company’s Articles of Association are consistent with the transfer of Ordinary Shares in dematerialised
form in CREST under the CREST Regulations. Application has been made for the Existing Ordinary Shares
and the New Shares to be admitted to CREST on Admission. Accordingly, settlement of transactions in
the Existing Ordinary Shares and the New Shares following Admission may take place within the CREST
system if relevant Shareholders so wish.
CREST is a voluntary system and Shareholders who wish to receive and retain certificates in respect of
their Ordinary Shares will be able to do so.
21 TAXATION
The Ordinary Shares do not rank as a “qualifying investment” for the purposes of the Enterprise Investment
Scheme nor as a “qualifying holding” for the purposes of investment by Venture Capital Trusts.
Information regarding UK taxation in relation to the Ordinary Shares is set out in paragraph 2.3.1 of Part
IV of this Document. These details are, however intended only as a general guide to the current tax position
under UK taxation law, which may be subject to change in the future.
If you are in any doubt as to your tax position, you should consult your own independent financial adviser
immediately.
22 AGM Resolutions
At the recent AGM of the Company held on 20 March 2025, the following resolutions were passed by the
Company’s Shareholders.
Adoption of New Articles of Association

22

A special resolution that sought Shareholder approval for the Company to adopt the New Articles.
The new articles of association contain the same provisions as in the Company’s previous articles of
association but were amended to reflect the Company’s proposed Admission to the Aquis Stock Exchange
Growth Market.
Directors' power to allot shares
Section 549 of the Companies Act 2006 (the Act) stipulates that Directors cannot allot shares or rights to
subscribe for shares in a company (other than the shares allotted in accordance with an employees' share
scheme) unless they are authorised to do so by its Shareholders in general meeting.
A resolution to authorise the (to the exclusion of previous granted general authorities) Directors to allot
relevant securities up to an aggregate nominal value £2,000,000 (equating to 2,000,000,000 Ordinary Shares.
Unless renewed, revoked, varied or extended, this authority will expire at the conclusion of the next annual
general meeting of the Company.
Directors' power to allot shares for cash
A special resolution was passed, authorising the Directors in certain circumstances to allot equity securities
for cash other than in accordance with statutory pre-emption rights (which require a company to offer all
allotments for cash first to Existing Shareholders in proportion to their holdings). The relevant circumstances
are either where (i) the allotment takes place in connection with a rights issue or (ii) the allotment is limited to
a maximum nominal amount of £2,000,000 (equating to 2,000,000,000 Ordinary Shares of 0.1 pence each in
the share capital of the Company), representing approximately 28,368.79 per cent. of the nominal value of
the issued ordinary share capital of the Company. Unless renewed, revoked, varied or extended, this authority
will expire at the conclusion of the next annual general meeting of the Company.
Change of Name
A special resolution was passed, conditional on Admission, approving the Company’s change of name from
Uranium Energy Exploration Plc to The Smarter Web Company Plc.
23 FURTHER INFORMATION
Your attention is drawn to the further information set out in the remainder of this Document and, in
particular, to the Risk Factors set out in Part II of this Document.

23

PART II
RISK FACTORS
An investment in Ordinary Shares involves a high degree of risk. Accordingly prospective investors
should carefully consider the specific risk factors set out below in addition to the other information
contained in this Document before investing in Ordinary Shares.
If any of the following risks actually occur, the Company’s business, financial condition, capital
resources, results or future operations could be materially adversely affected. In such a case, the
price of Ordinary Shares could decline and investors may lose all or part of their investment.
An investment in Ordinary Shares described in this Document is speculative. Potential investors are
accordingly advised to consult a person authorised for the purposes of FSMA who specialises in
advising on the acquisition of shares and other securities before making any investment decisions.
A prospective investor should consider carefully whether an investment in the Company is suitable
in the light of his or her personal circumstances and the financial resources available to him or her.
If you are in any doubt about the action you should take, you should consult your independent
professional adviser authorised under FSMA.
1. Competitor Risk
There are many companies currently developing AI software. Many players that operate in the same field as
the Company are larger and more established, with access to substantial financial resources, larger
operational capabilities, and longer track records in software development. These players may develop and
deploy new technologies or features that could provide them with a competitive advantage. This could result
in increased competition, pricing pressure, and potential erosion of the Company's market share. The
Company may need to invest significant resources in developing and maintaining cutting-edge technologies,
such as data analytics capabilities, to remain competitive. Failure to keep up with technological
advancements or to differentiate itself in a saturated market could impact the Company's trading volumes,
transaction fees, and overall revenues, potentially affecting its financial performance and market position.
Competitors also have the opportunity to forge strategic partnerships and alliances with key stakeholders in
the AI sector, including software developers, universities, and potential corporate clients potentially leading
to enhanced competitive advantages. The Company may be at a disadvantage should it not form such
partnerships.
2. Key Man Risk
The success of the Company, in common with other businesses of a similar size, will be highly dependent on
the expertise and experience of its Directors and senior management. The loss of any key personnel could
harm the business or cause delay in the plans of the Group whilst management time is directed at finding
suitable replacements. The future success of the Group is in part dependent upon its ability to identify, attract,
motivate and retain staff with the requisite expertise and experience. Although the Group enters into
employment arrangements with its key personnel to secure their services, the Group cannot guarantee the
retention of such key personnel. Should key personnel leave, the Group’s business, prospects, financial
condition or results of operations may be materially adversely affected.
3. Risks relating to software development
Some of the Company’s activities, including software development, may require third parties to provide
contracting services. There can be no assurance that these new business relationships will be successfully
formed or will continue to be maintained. A breach or disruption in these relationships or failure to engage
contractors could be detrimental to the future business, operating results and/or profitability of the Company.
Software development is complex; the developed software may contain design defects or errors that are not
detected until after its release. The Company’s business would be harmed if such defects caused its users
to believe the Company’s product is defective and could adversely affect the market's perception of the
Company and potentially lead to a reduction in users.
4. Internal Controls
Future growth and prospects for the Company will depend on the Directors’ ability to manage the business
and to continue to expand and improve operational, financial and management information and quality control

24

systems on a timely basis, whilst at the same time maintaining effective cot controls. Any failure to expand
and improve operational, financial and management information and quality control systems in line with the
Company’s growth could have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition and results of
operations.
5. Risk relating to Digital Assets
The Company’s policy of accepting Bitcoin for payment and its Digital Assets treasury management strategy
exposes the Company to various risks associated with Digital Assets. Digital Assets such as Bitcoin are
volatile and fluctuations in the price of such Digital Assets are likely to influence the Company’s financial
results and the market price of the Ordinary Shares. In addition to this, Bitcoin and other Digital Assets are
subject to significant legal, commercial, regulatory and technical uncertainty which increases the inherent risk
of material adverse effects on the Company’s strategy of storing capital effectively and preserving value.
6. Data protection
The Company is subject to a number of laws relating to privacy and data protection, including the UK’s Data
Protection Act 1988 and the Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) Regulations 2003 and
the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). Such laws govern the Company’s ability to collect, use
and transfer personal information relating to its customers as well as its employees Despite controls to protect
the confidentiality and integrity of customer information, the Company may breach restrictions or may be
subject to attack from computer programmes that attempt to penetrate its network security and misappropriate
confidential information.
Any perceived or actual failure to protect confidential data could harm the Company’s reputation and
credibility, reduce its sales, reduce its ability to attract and retain customers or result in litigation or other
actions being brought against it or the imposition of fines.
7. Potential Dilution from Future Financings
Additional financing needed to continue funding the development and operation of the Company's business
may require the issuance of additional securities of the Company. The issuance of additional securities and
the exercise of warrants, share options and other convertible securities will result in dilution of the equity
interests of any persons who are or may become holders of Ordinary Shares.
8. Share price volatility and liquidity
The share price of early-stage companies can be highly volatile and shareholdings illiquid. Once listed on the
Aquis Stock Exchange Growth Market, such volatility in the price of Ordinary Shares and shareholdings
illiquidity could cause Investors to lose all or part of their investment because they may not be able to sell
their Ordinary Shares at or above the price they paid. The price at which the Ordinary Shares are traded and
the price which investors may realise or their Ordinary Shares will be influenced by a large number of factors,
some specific to the Company and its operations and some which may affect quoted companies generally.
These factors could include the performance of the Company and/or large purchases or sales of the Ordinary
Shares, legislative changes and general economic, political or regulatory conditions.
9. Investment in unlisted securities
Investment in shares traded on the Aquis Stock Exchange Growth Market is perceived to involve a higher
degree of risk and be less liquid than investments in companies whose shares are listed on the Official List
or AIM. An investment in Ordinary Shares may be difficult to realise. Prospective investors should be aware
that the value of Ordinary Shares may go down as well as up and that the market price of Ordinary Shares
may not reflect the underlying value of the Company. Investors may therefore realise less than, or lose all of,
their investment.
Notwithstanding the fact that application has been made for the Ordinary Shares to be admitted to trading on
the Aquis Stock Exchange Growth Market, this should not be taken as implying that there will be a “liquid”
market in the Ordinary Shares. Continued admission to the Aquis Stock Exchange Growth Market is entirely
at the discretion of the Aquis Stock Exchange.

10. Legal Remedies

25

The laws of the country to which a where holder of Ordinary Shares is subject, as well as the laws to which
the Company is subject, can affect whether an investor has, and where an investor can pursue, legal
remedies against the Company or any other person or entity involved in a transaction. Investors should be
mindful of this when either buying or selling securities, especially those located outside of the United Kingdom.
In these situations, investors may not have the ability to seek certain legal remedies in the courts of their
home country as private plaintiffs. Moreover, even if investors sue successfully in such other courts, they may
not be able to collect on a judgment against the Company, or another entity or person, not subject to the laws,
or not having a presence, in that plaintiff’s home country. Investors may have to rely on legal remedies that
are available in the United Kingdom, if any.

The investment opportunity offered in this Document may not be suitable for all recipients of this
Document. Investors are therefore strongly recommended to consult a professional adviser
authorised under FSMA, who specialise in investments of this nature, before making their decision
to invest.

26

PART III
(A)

Historical Financial Information of the Company

Company No. 00092343 (England and Wales)

URANIUM ENERGY EXPLORATION Plc
Annual Report and Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended 31 October 2024
(Formerly Teathers Financial Plc)

27

URANIUM ENERGY EXPLORATION Plc
Company Information

Directors:

Mario Visconti
Alexander John Barblett (resigned 9th January 2025)
Sean Edward Wade

Secretary:

Blakelaw Secretaries Limited
Harbour Court
Compass Road
Portsmouth
Hampshire
PO6 4ST

Company Number:

00092343 (England and Wales)

Registered Office:

Suite 11
14 London Road
Guildford
Surrey
GU1 2AG

Statutory Auditors:

Adler Shine LLP
Chartered Accountants & Statutory Auditor
Aston House
Cornwall Avenue
London
N3 1LF

Principal Bankers:

Lloyds Banking Group Plc
79 High Street
Chesham
HP5 1BT

Solicitors to the Company:

Blake Morgan LLP
Apex Plaza
Forbury Road
Reading
RG1 1AX

Registrar:

Share Registrars Ltd
The Courtyard
17 West Street
Farnham
GU9 7DR

28

URANIUM ENERGY EXPLORATION Plc
Directors’ Statement
For the year ended 31 October 2024
During the period, the main activity was continued preparation for a London listing.
The Board’s plan to list a uranium exploration focused entity on the AIM Segment of the London Stock Exchange
was abandoned.
As an alternative, the Board has begun plans to list with a different collection of assets.
Further updates on this revised plan will be given at the appropriate time.

Sean Edward Wade
Director
Date: 19 February 2025

29

URANIUM ENERGY EXPLORATION Plc
Strategic Report
For the year ended 31 October 2024
The Directors present their strategic report on Uranium Energy Exploration Plc (“the Company”) and its
subsidiaries (together “the Group”) for the year ended 31 October 2024.
Review of the business
A review of the business is given in the Director’s Statement on page 4.
Future outlook
The Director’s Statement on page 4 gives information on the future outlook of the Group.
Principal risks and uncertainties
Set out below are the principal risks which we believe could materially affect the Group’s ability to achieve its
objectives. The risks are not listed in order of significance.
Reliance on its Directors
The Group’s business, development and prospects are dependent upon the continued services and performance
of its Directors. The experience and commercial relationships of the Directors help provide the Group with a
competitive edge. The Directors believe that the loss of services of any of its Directors, for any reason, or failure
to attract and retain necessary personnel in the future, could adversely impact the business, development,
financial condition, results of operations and prospects of the Group.
Market conditions
Market conditions may have a negative impact on the Group’s ability to execute investments in suitable entities
which generate acceptable returns. There is no guarantee that the Group will be successful in sourcing suitable
investments. The longer the period the greater the likely impact on the Group’s performance and financial
condition.
Financing
The Group’s sources of financing currently are limited. The Group’s ability to raise further funds will depend on
the success of investments identified. The Group may not be successful in procuring the requisite funds on terms
which are acceptable to it (or at all) and, if such funding is unavailable, the Group may be required to reduce the
scope of its investments or anticipated expansion. Further, shareholders’ holdings of new share issues may be
materially diluted if debt financing is not available.
General economic climate
During periods of adverse economic conditions, the Group may have difficulty accessing financial markets, which
could make it more difficult or impossible for the Group to obtain funding for additional investments and
negatively affect its net asset value and operating results. Accordingly, adverse economic conditions may have a
material adverse effect on the business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Factors that
may contribute to the general economic climate include industrial disruption, interest rates and the rate of
inflation.
Competition
The Group may face competition from other entities for the same investments, many of which may have
significantly greater financial resources. There is therefore no guarantee that even if the Group identifies a
suitable investment, it will be successful in completing such investment.
Strategic Report (continued)
For the year ended 31 October 2024

30

URANIUM ENERGY EXPLORATION Plc
Key Performance Indicators (KPIs)
The key performance indicators currently used by the Group are investments made to-date and cash resources.
The Directors intend to establish other key performance indicators in due course once the Group has matured
sufficiently.
The Group does not use and does not at present intend to use non-financial key performance indicators.
Group
2024
£
109,252
(921,384)

Cash and cash equivalents
Net liabilities

2023
£
9,055
(416,683)

Review of strategy and business model
The Board of Directors (the “Board”) judge the Group’s financial performance by reference to the internal budget
which it establishes at the beginning of each financial year and the expected performance of its investments in
the future.
The Group’s strategy is to list in London with an appropriate collection of assets. Despite the aborted Initial Public
Offering (“IPO”) in the year this remains the strategic goal of the Group.
Investing policy
The Group’s primary objective is that of securing for the Shareholders the best possible capital appreciation over
time.
Environment
The Directors consider that the nature of the Group’s activities is not inherently detrimental to the environment.
Social, community, and human rights
The Board recognises that the Group has a duty to be a good corporate citizen and to respect the laws, and
where appropriate the customs and culture of the territories in which it operates. It contributes as far as is
practicable to the local communities in which it operates and takes a responsible and positive approach to
employment practices.
Section 172 (1) Statement
The Directors of Uranium Energy Exploration Plc have considered their duties under Section 172 of the
Companies Act 2006 and confirm that, in making decisions that affect the Group, they have acted in accordance
with their duty to promote the success of the company. In doing so, the directors have taken into account the
long-term consequences of their decisions, the interests of the Company’s employees, the relationships with
suppliers, customers and others.
The Directors have also engaged with stakeholders to understand their views and have taken these into account
when making decisions that affect the Company. The board has established effective systems of internal control
to safeguard the assets of the company and to ensure compliance with relevant laws and regulations.
The Strategic Report was approved by the Board and signed on its behalf by:
Sean Edward Wade
Director
Date: 19 February 2025

31

URANIUM ENERGY EXPLORATION Plc
Directors’ Report
For the year ended 31 October 2024
The Directors present their report and the audited consolidated financial statements of Uranium Energy
Exploration Plc for the year ended 31 October 2024.
Corporate details
Uranium Energy Exploration Plc is incorporated and registered in England and Wales, company number
00092343. The registered office is Suite 11, 14 London Road, Guildford, Surrey, GU1 2AG.
Directors
The following Directors have held office during the year:
Alexander John Barblett
Mario Visconti
Sean Edward Wade
In accordance with the Company’s Articles of Association, a third of Directors are required to retire by rotation.
Principal activities
The principal activity of Uranium Energy Exploration Plc (“the Company”) and its subsidiaries (together “the
Group”) is to seek a London listing with an appropriate set of assets.
Dividends
There were no dividends paid or proposed by the Group for the year ended 31 October 2024 (2023: £nil).
Going concern
As at 31 October 2024 the Group had a cash balance of £109,252 (2023: £9,055), net current liabilities of
£921,384 (2023: £416,683).
The Directors have considered the applicability of the going concern basis in the preparation of these financial
statements. This included the review of internal budgets and financial results which show, taking into account
reasonably probable changes in financial performance that the Group should be able to operate within the level
of its current funding arrangements.
The Directors have a reasonable expectation that once the necessary funding has been received, the Group will
have adequate resources to continue in operation for the foreseeable future. For this reason, they have adopted
the going concern basis in the preparation of the financial statements.
The Directors note, however, that the ability of the Group to raise funds in the future represents a material
uncertainty which may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern.
Financial risk management
The financial risk management is discussed in note 19 of the financial statements.
Creditors’ payment policy
The Group’s policy is to agree terms of payment with suppliers and abide by those terms subject to timely
submission of acceptable invoices. Where prompt payment settlement discount is available it is the Group’s
policy to settle accounts whenever possible within the discount period. In order to manage their cash more
effectively, where possible, the Group negotiates special terms with certain suppliers to delay payments.

32

URANIUM ENERGY EXPLORATION Plc
Directors’ Report (continued)
For the year ended 31 October 2024
Directors’ interest in shares and debentures
Directors’ interests in the shares of the Group, including family interests, were as follows:
31 October 2024
Ordinary shares
of 0.1p each
Alexander John Barblett
Mario Visconti
Sean Edward Wade

187,346

Deferred shares
of 4.9p each

31 October 2023
Ordinary shares
of 0.5p each

187,346

1,873,464

Directors’ indemnity
The Group has not provided qualifying third-party indemnities for the benefit of its Directors.
Disclosure of information
In the case of each of the persons who are acting as Directors of the Group at the date when this report was
approved:
•
•

so far as each of the Directors are aware, there is no relevant audit information (as defined in the
Companies Act 2006) of the which the Group’s auditor is not aware; and
each of the Directors have taken all the steps that they ought to have taken as a Director to make
themselves aware of any relevant audit information and to establish that the Group’s auditor is aware
of that information.

Auditors
Adler Shine LLP were appointed as auditors and a resolution to reappoint them will be proposed at the
forthcoming Annual General Meeting.
Annual General Meeting
The resolutions to be proposed at the forthcoming Annual General Meeting are set out in the notice of the
meeting.
Recommendation
The Board considers that the resolutions to be proposed at the Annual General Meeting are in the best interests
of the Group and it is unanimously recommended that shareholders support these proposals as the Board
intends to do in respect of their own holdings.
The Directors’ Report was approved by the Board and signed on its behalf by:

Sean Edward Wade
Director
Date: 19 February 2025

33

URANIUM ENERGY EXPLORATION Plc
Directors’ Information
For the year ended 31 October 2024
Mario Visconti, Director
Mario Visconti has over 25 years’ experience in the accountancy sector. He owns a successful accountancy and
consultancy business that specialises working with limited companies in the private sectors. He has been finance
manager of a company within the construction industry for 17 years, heading up the finance department. Mario
also works as a consultant Financial Controller for a number of PLCs, assisting them with internal financial
management and reporting.
Alexander John Barblett, Non-Executive Chairman
Sandy has over 25 years of senior management experience across numerous sectors. He sits as a director and
advises companies, both private and listed, in relation to raising private equity and general fundraising,
admission into public markets, strategy and management selection. He spent 10 years in senior management
working for former FTSE 250 technology company, Pace Plc, including overseas assignments in USA and Hong
Kong.
He is a founder and advisor to the Eastern Heavy Minerals project which is the sole project for AIM quoted Capital
Metals Plc, currently Chairman of East Star Resources Plc and IamFire Plc.
Sandy has a Bachelor of Business from Curtin University of Technology in Perth, Australia, and a Bachelor of Law
from the University of Queensland.
Sean Edward Wade, Chief Executive
Sean Wade is Chief Executive Officer of AIM-listed Power Metal Resources. He has over 30 years of experience in
capital markets, investor relations and corporate business development. He started his career in 1993 as a
stockbroker at Cazenove & Co, moving in 2007 to become one of the founding shareholders of Liberum Capital.
Since 2012, he has held a number of roles advising listed companies on investor relations and business
development across the natural resources, financial and technology sectors, including two years as Chief
Commercial Officer of Berkeley Energia, a London, Australia and Madrid listed uranium development company.
In 2020, he founded Scout Advisory, a consultancy advising listed corporates on all aspects of investor relations,
corporate communications and business development.

34

URANIUM ENERGY EXPLORATION Plc
Statement of Directors’ Responsibilities in the preparation of the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 October 2024
The Directors are responsible for preparing the financial statements in accordance with applicable laws and
regulations.
Company law requires the Directors to prepare financial statements for each financial year. Under that law the
Directors are required to prepare the financial statements in accordance with UK adopted International
Accounting Standards (“IFRS”) and in conformity with the requirements of the Companies Act 2006 and have
elected under company law to prepare the Group financial statements in accordance with IFRS in conformity
with the requirements of the Companies Act 2006. Under company law, the Directors must not approve the
financial statements unless they are satisfied that they give a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the
Group and of the profit or loss for that year. In preparing those financial statements, International Accounting
Standard 1 requires the Directors to:
•
•
•
•
•

properly select and consistently apply accounting policies;
present information, including accounting policies, in a manner that provides relevant, reliable,
comparable and understandable information;
make judgements and accounting estimates that are reasonable and prudent
provide additional disclosures when compliance with the specific requirements in IFRSs are insufficient
to enable users to understand the impact of particular transactions, other events and conditions on the
entity’s financial position and financial performance; and
make an assessment of the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern.

The Directors are responsible for keeping adequate accounting records that are sufficient to show and explain
the Group’s transactions and disclose with reasonable accuracy at any time the financial position of the Group
and enable them to ensure that the financial statements comply with the Companies Act 2006. They are also
responsible for safeguarding the Group’s assets and hence for taking reasonable steps for the prevention and
detection of fraud and other irregularities.
The Directors are also responsible for the maintenance and integrity of the investor information contained on
the website. Legislation in the UK concerning the preparation and dissemination of financial statements may
differ from legislation in other jurisdictions.
Financial statements are published on the Company’s website. The maintenance and integrity of the website is
the responsibility of the Directors. The Director’s responsibility also extends to the financial statements
contained therein.
The Statement of Directors’ Responsibilities in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements was
approved by the Board and signed on its behalf by:

Sean Edward Wade
Director
Date: 19 February 2025

35

URANIUM ENERGY EXPLORATION Plc
Independent Auditors’ Report to the members of Uranium Energy Exploration Plc
For the year ended 31 October 2024
Opinion
We have audited the financial statements of Uranium Energy Exploration Plc (the ‘Company’) and its subsidiaries
(the ‘Group) for the year-ended 31 October 2024 which comprise the Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive
Income, the Consolidated and Company Statements of Financial Position, the Consolidated and Company
Statements of Changes in Equity, the Consolidated and Company Statements of Cash Flows and notes to the
financial statements, including a summary of significant accounting policies. The financial reporting framework
that has been applied in their preparation is applicable law and UK adopted International Accounting Standards, in
conformity with the requirements of the Companies Act 2006.
In our opinion the financial statements:
• give a true and fair view of the state of the Group and Company’s affairs as at 31 October 2024 and of the
Group’s loss for the year then ended;
• have been properly prepared in accordance with UK adopted International Accounting Standards;
• have been prepared in accordance with the requirements of the Companies Act 2006.
Basis for opinion
We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (UK) (ISAs (UK) and applicable
law. Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit
of the financial statements section of our report. We are independent of the Group and Company, in accordance
with the ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of the financial statements in the UK, including the FRC’s
Ethical Standard, and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements. We
believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.
Material uncertainty related to going concern
We draw attention to note 2 to the financial statements, which indicates that the accounts have been prepared on the
going concern basis. The Group made a loss in the current year as well as having a cash position of £109,252 and
net liabilities position of £921,384 as at 31 October 2024. The company needs to raise funds in the near term for
working capital purposes. As a result, this casts a material uncertainty as to the future performance of the company
for the 12 months following the audit report signature date. The Chairman’s statement outlines the future plans of
the Group which contain a number of conditional events that are required to occur in order for the Group to resume
profitable trading and working capital coverage. Our opinion is not modified in respect of this matter.
Other information
The directors are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information included
in the Annual Report, other than the financial statements and our Auditor’s Report thereon. Our opinion on the
financial statements does not cover the other information and, except to the extent otherwise explicitly stated in our
report, we do not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.
In connection with our audit of the financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and, in
doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the financial statements, or our
knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If we identify such material
inconsistencies or apparent material misstatements, we are required to determine whether there is a material
misstatement in the financial statements or a material misstatement of the other information. If, based on the work
we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to
report that fact.

We have nothing to report in this regard.

36

URANIUM ENERGY EXPLORATION Plc
Independent Auditors’ Report to the members of Uranium Energy Exploration Plc (continued)
For the year ended 31 October 2024
Opinion on other matters prescribed by the Companies Act 2006
In our opinion, based on the work undertaken in the course of the audit:
• the information given in the Strategic Report and the Directors’ Report for the financial year for which the
financial statements are prepared is consistent with the financial statements; and
• the Strategic Report and the Directors’ Report have been prepared in accordance with applicable legal
requirements.
Matters on which we are required to report by exception
In the light of the knowledge and understanding of the Group and the Company and their environment obtained in
the course of the audit, we have not identified material misstatements in the Strategic Report or the Directors’
Report.
We have nothing to report in respect of the following matters in relation to which the Companies Act 2006
requires us to report to you if, in our opinion:
•
•
•
•

adequate accounting records have not been kept by the Company, or returns adequate for our audit have not
been received from branches not visited by us; or
the company financial statements are not in agreement with the accounting records and returns; or
certain disclosures of directors’ remuneration specified by law are not made; or
we have not received all the information and explanations we require for our audit.

Responsibilities of directors
As explained more fully in the Directors’ Responsibilities Statement on page 10, the directors are responsible for
the preparation of the financial statements and for being satisfied that they give a true and fair view, and for such
internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of financial statements that are
free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
In preparing the financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to continue as
a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of
accounting unless the directors either intends to liquidate the company or to cease operations, or have no realistic
alternative but to do so.
Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are free from
material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an Auditor’s Report that includes our opinion.
Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance
with ISAs (UK) will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or
error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to
influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these financial statements.
A further description of our responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements is located on the Financial
Reporting Council’s website at: www.frc.org.uk/auditorsresponsibilities. This description forms part of our
Auditor’s Report.

37

URANIUM ENERGY EXPLORATION Plc
Independent Auditors’ Report to the members of Uranium Energy Exploration Plc (continued)
For the year ended 31 October 2024
Use of our report
This report is made solely to the Group’s members, as a body, in accordance with Chapter 3 of Part 16 of the
Companies Act 2006. Our audit work has been undertaken so that we might state to the Group’s members those
matters we are required to state to them in an Auditor’s Report and for no other purpose. To the fullest extent
permitted by law, we do not accept or assume responsibility to anyone, other than the Group and the Group’s
members as a body, for our audit work, for this report, or for the opinions we have formed.

Engin Zekia FCA BSc
(Senior Statutory Auditor)
For and on behalf of
Adler Shine LLP
Chartered Accountants
Aston House
Cornwall Avenue
London N3 1LF
Date: 19 February 2025

38

URANIUM ENERGY EXPLORATION Plc
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
For the year ended 31 October 2024
Year ended
31 Oct 2024
£

Year ended
31 Oct 2023
£

4

(504,701)
(504,701)

(214,003)
(214,003)

Other gains
Finance costs
Loss before taxation

7
8

(504,701)

5,949
(605)
(208,659)

Income tax
Loss for the year

9

(504,701)

(208,659)

(504,701)

(208,659)

(7.16)

(2.96)*

Notes
Continuing operations
Administrative expenses
Operating loss

Other comprehensive income
Total comprehensive loss for the year
Loss per Ordinary share (pence)
Basic and diluted

10

*The basic and diluted loss per share for the year ended 31 October 2023 has been restated, see note 10
The notes on pages 21 to 33 are an integral part of these financial statements.

39

URANIUM ENERGY EXPLORATION Plc
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
For the year ended 31 October 2024
As at
31 Oct 2024
£

As at
31 Oct 2023
£

2,200
109,252
111,452

14,941
9,055
23,996

111,452

23,996

16
16

352,500
1,515,032
(2,788,916)
(921,384)

352,500
1,515,032
(2,284,215)
(416,683)

14
15

27,440
1,005,396
1,032,836

225,139
215,540
440,679

111,452

23,996

Notes
Assets
Current assets
Trade and other receivables
Cash and cash equivalents
Total current assets

12
13

TOTAL ASSETS
Equity
Share capital
Share premium
Accumulated losses
Total equity
Liabilities
Current liabilities
Trade and other payables
Borrowings
Total current liabilities
TOTAL EQUITY AND LIABILITIES

The consolidated financial statements were approved and authorised for issue by the Board and signed for on
its behalf by:

Sean Edward Wade
Director
Date: 19 February 2025
Company registration number: 00092343
The notes on pages 21 to 33 are an integral part of these financial statements.

40

URANIUM ENERGY EXPLORATION Plc
Company Statement of Financial Position
For the year ended 31 October 2024
As at
31 Oct 2024
£

As at
31 Oct 2023
£

11

1
1

1
1

12
13

3,374
109,252
112,626

16,115
9,055
25,170

112,627

25,171

352,500
1,515,032
(2,787,742)

352,500
1,515,032
(2,283,041)

(920,210)

(415,509)

27,441
1,005,396
1,032,837

225,140
215,540
440,680

112,627

25,171

Notes
Assets
Non-current assets
Investment in subsidiary
Total non-current assets
Current assets
Trade and other receivables
Cash and cash equivalents
Total current assets
TOTAL ASSETS
Equity
Share capital
Share premium
Accumulated losses

16
16

Total equity
Liabilities
Current liabilities
Trade and other payables
Borrowings
Total current liabilities

14
15

TOTAL EQUITY AND LIABILITIES

The Company has elected to take the exemption under section 408 of the Companies Act 2006 not to present
the Company’s Statement of Comprehensive Income. The loss after tax for the year ended 31 October 2024 was
£504,701 (2023: loss of £208,008).
The financial statements were approved and authorised for issue by the Board and signed for on its behalf by:

Sean Edward Wade
Director
Date: 19 February 2025
Company registration number: 00092343
The notes on pages 21 to 33 are an integral part of these financial statements.

41

URANIUM ENERGY EXPLORATION Plc
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
For the year ended 31 October 2024

At 31 October 2022

Share
capital
£
352,500

Share
premium
£
1,515,032

Accumulated
Losses
£
(2,075,556)

Total
£
(208,024)

Total comprehensive loss for the year
At 31 October 2023

352,500

1,515,032

(208,659)
(2,284,215)

(208,659)
(416,683)

Total comprehensive loss for the year
At 31 October 2024

352,500

1,515,032

(504,701)
(2,788,916)

(504,701)
(921,384)

The notes on pages 21 to 33 are an integral part of these financial statements.

42

URANIUM ENERGY EXPLORATION Plc
Company Statement of Changes in Equity
For the year ended 31 October 2024

At 31 October 2022

Share
capital
£
352,500

Share
premium
£
1,515,032

Accumulated
Losses
£
(2,075,033)

£
(207,501)

Total comprehensive loss for the year
At 31 October 2023

352,500

1,515,032

(208,008)
(2,283,041)

(208,008)
(415,509)

Total comprehensive loss for the year
At 31 October 2024

352,500

1,515,032

(504,701)
(2,787,742)

(504,701)
(920,210)

The notes on pages 21 to 33 are an integral part of these financial statements.

43

Total

URANIUM ENERGY EXPLORATION Plc
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
For the year ended 31 October 2024

Notes
Cash flow from operating activities
Loss before tax
Adjustments for:
Other gains
Finance cost
Changes in working capital:
Decrease/(increase) in trade and other receivables
(Decrease)/increase in trade and other payables
Net cash used in operating activities

Year ended
31 Oct 2024
£

Year ended
31 Oct 2023
£

(504,701)

(208,659)

-

(5,949)
605

12,741
(72,699)
(564,659)

(10,963)
15,862
(209,104)

664,856
664,856

140,935
140,935

100,197

(68,169)

9,055

77,224

109,252

9,055

7
8

Cash flows from financing activities
Proceeds from borrowings
Net cash generated from financing activities

15

Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period
Cash and cash equivalents at end of period

13

Significant non-cash transactions for the year are disclosed in note 15.
The notes on pages 21 to 33 are an integral part of these financial statements.

44

Company Statement of Cash Flows
For the year ended 31 October 2024

Notes
Cash flow from operating activities
Loss before tax
Adjustments for:
Other gains
Finance cost
Changes in working capital
Decrease/(increase) in trade and other receivables
(Decrease)/increase in trade and other payables
Net cash used in operating activities

Cash flows from financing activities
Proceeds from borrowings
Net cash generated from investing activities

Year ended
31 Oct 2024
£

Year ended
31 Oct 2023
£

(504,701)

(208,008)

-

(5,949)
605

12,741
(72,699)
(564,659)

(11,614)
15,862
(209,104)

664,856
664,856

140,935
140,935

100,197

(68,169)

9,055

77,224

109,252

9,055

7
8

15

Net increase/ (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period
Cash and cash equivalents at end of period

13

Significant non-cash transactions for the year are disclosed in note 15.
The notes on pages to 21 to 33 are an integral part of these financial statements.

45

Notes to the financial statements
For the year ended 31 October 2024
General information Uranium Energy Exploration Plc (the “Company”) is incorporated and domiciled in England
and Wales. The Company is a public limited company, the address of the registered office is Suite 11, 14 London
Road, Guildford, Surrey, England, GU1 2AG.
The principal activity of the Company and its subsidiaries (together the “Group”) during the year was that of an
investment group.
Accounting policies The principal accounting policies applied in the preparation of these financial statements
are set out below. The policies have been consistently applied throughout the year.
Basis of preparation The consolidated and company financial statements have been prepared in accordance with
UK-adopted International Accounting Standards in conformity with the requirements of the Companies Act 2006.
The consolidated and company financial statements comprise the financial year to 31 October 2024 and the
comparative figures represent the financial year to 31 October 2023.
The consolidated and company financial statements have also been prepared under the historical cost convention.
The consolidated and company financial statements are presented in Pounds Sterling (“£”/”GBP”), which is the
Group’s and Company’s presentational currency and the currency of the primary economic environment in which
the Company operates.
All amounts disclosed in the financial statements have been rounded to the nearest whole number, unless
otherwise stated.
New standards, amendments and interpretations adopted by the Group
New standards, amendments, or interpretations effective for the first time for periods beginning on or after 1
January 2023 but did not have a material impact on the financial statements:

Standard

Effective date

Disclosure of accounting policies (Amendments to IAS 1);

1 January 2023

Definition of accounting estimates (Amendments to IAS 8);

1 January 2023

Deferred Tax relating to Assets and Liabilities arising from a Single Transaction
(Amendments to IAS 12);

1 January 2023

International Tax Reform — Pillar Two Model Rules (Amendments to IAS 12);

1 January 2023

Initial Application of IFRS 17 and IFRS 9 – Comparative Information Amendment to IFRS
17);

1 January 2023

46

Notes to the financial statements (continued)
For the year ended 31 October 2024
Accounting policies (continued)
At the date of approval of these financial statements, the following standards and interpretations which have not
been applied in these financial statements were in issue but not yet effective:
Standard

Effective date

Liability in a Sale and Leaseback (Amendments to IFRS 16 Leases)

1 January 2024

Non-current Liabilities with Covenants (Amendments to IAS 1);

1 January 2024

Amendments to IAS 1 Presentation of Financial Statements: Classification of Liabilities as
Current or Non-current*; and

1 January 2024

Supplier Finance Arrangements (Amendments to IAS 7 Statement of Cash Flows and IFRS 7
Financial Instruments: Disclosures)

1 January 2024

Amendments to IAS 21- Effects of Changes in Foreign Exchange Rates: Lack of
Exchangeability*

1 January 2025

*Not yet endorsed in the UK
The Directors do not expect that the adoption of these standards will have a material impact on the financial
information of the Group or Company in future periods.
Going concern
As at 31 October 2024 the Group had a cash balance of £109,252 (2023: £9,055), net current liabilities of £921,384
(2023: £416,683).
The Directors have considered the applicability of the going concern basis in the preparation of these financial
statements. This included the review of internal budgets and financial results which show, taking into account
reasonably probable changes in financial performance that the Group should be able to operate within the level
of its current funding arrangements.
The Directors have a reasonable expectation that once the necessary funding has been received, the Group will
have adequate resources to continue in operation for the foreseeable future. For this reason, they have adopted
the going concern basis in the preparation of the financial statements.
The ability of the Group to raise funds in the future represents a material uncertainty which may cast significant
doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern.
Financial assets
Classification
The Group classifies its financial assets into one category, being financial assets held at amortised cost.
Amortised cost
Financial assets held at amortised cost comprise trade and other receivables and cash and cash equivalents.
These assets are non-derivative financial assets with fixed or determinable payments that are not quoted in an
active market. They arise principally through the provision of goods and services to customers (e.g., trade
receivables), but also incorporate other types of financial assets where the objective is to hold their assets in order
to collect contractual cash flows and the contractual cash flows are solely payments of the principal and interest.
They are initially recognised at fair value plus transaction costs that are directly attributable to their acquisition or
issue and are subsequently carried at amortised cost using the effective interest rate method, less provision for
impairment.
Notes to the financial statements (continued)

47

For the year ended 31 October 2024
Accounting policies (continued)
Impairment provisions for trade and other receivables are recognised based on the simplified approach within IFRS
9 using the lifetime expected credit losses (“ECL”) method. During this process the probability of the non-payment
of the receivables is assessed. This probability is then multiplied by the amount of the expected loss arising from
default to determine the lifetime ECL for the receivables. For trade and other receivables, which are reported net,
such provisions are recorded in a separate provision account with the loss being recognised within administrative
expenses in the statement of comprehensive income. On confirmation that the trade or other receivable will not
be collectable, the gross carrying value of the asset is written off against the associated provision.
Derecognition of financial assets
The Group derecognise a financial asset when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the asset expire, or it
transfers the asset and substantially all the risk and rewards of ownership of the asset to another entity.
Cash and cash equivalents
Cash and short-term deposits in the Statement of Financial Position comprise cash at bank and in hand and shortterm deposits with an original maturity of less than three months, reduced by overdrafts to the extent that there
is a right of offset against other cash balances.
Share capital
Share capital represents the nominal value of equity shares.
Share premium
Share premium represents the excess over nominal value of the fair value of consideration received for equity
shares. Incremental costs directly attributable to the issue of new equity shares are deducted from the share
premium account.
Accumulated losses Accumulated losses consist of cumulative net gains and losses recognised in the Statement of
Comprehensive Income plus transactions recognised directly in equity.
Financial liabilities
The Group classifies its financial liabilities into one category, being other financial liabilities measured at amortised
cost.
Trade and other payables
Financial liabilities included in trade and other payables are recognised initially at fair value. Subsequent to initial
recognition they are measured at amortised cost using the effective interest rate method. Accounts payable are
classified as current liabilities if payment is due within one year or less (or in the normal operating cycle of the
business if longer). If not, they are presented as non-current liabilities.
Borrowings
Borrowings are recognised initially at fair value, net of transaction costs incurred. Borrowings are subsequently
carried at amortised cost; any difference between the proceeds (net of transaction costs) and the redemption
value is recognised in the income statement over the period of the borrowings, using the effective interest method.

Notes to the financial statements (continued)
For the year ended 31 October 2024

48

Accounting policies (continued)
Convertible loan note
Convertible loan notes are regarded as compound instruments, consisting of a liability component and an equity
component. The component parts of compound instruments are classified separately as financial liabilities and
equity in accordance with the substance of the contractual arrangement. At the date of issue, the fair value of
the liability component is estimated using the prevailing market interest rate for a similar non-convertible
instrument. This amount is recorded as a liability on an amortised cost basis until extinguished upon conversion
or at the instrument’s maturity date. The equity component is determined by deducting the amount of the
liability component from the fair value of the compound instrument as a whole. This is recognised and included
in equity, net of income tax effects, and is not subsequently remeasured.
Current and deferred tax
The tax expense comprises current and deferred tax. Tax is recognised in the income statement, except to the
extent that it relates to items recognised in other comprehensive income where the associated tax is also
recognised in other comprehensive income.
The current income tax charge is calculated on the basis of the tax rates at the Statement of Financial Position
date. Management evaluates the position and establishes provisions on the basis of amounts expected to be paid
to the tax authority.
Deferred tax is recognised, using the liability method, on all temporary differences at the Statement of Financial
Position date between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts for financial reporting
purposes.
Deferred tax assets are recognised for all deductible temporary differences, carry-forward of unused tax assets
and tax losses, to the extent that they are regarded as recoverable. They are regarded as recoverable where, on
the basis of available evidence, there will be sufficient taxable profits against which the future reversal of the
underlying temporary differences can be deducted.
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply to the year when the
asset is realised or the liability is settled, based on the current tax rates at the Statement of Financial Position
date.
Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to offset current tax
assets against current tax liabilities.
Foreign currencies
Transactions in currencies other than the functional currency of each entity are recorded at the exchange rate on
the date the transaction occurred. Foreign exchange gains and losses resulting from the settlement of such
transactions, and from the translation of monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies at year
end exchange rates, are recognised in profit or loss.
Investment in subsidiaries
In the Company financial statements, equity investments in the Company’s subsidiaries are stated at cost, which is
the fair value of the consideration paid, less any impairment provision.
Critical accounting estimates and judgements
For the year ended 31 October 2024 and the comparative year end, the Directors do not consider that they have
made any significant estimates or judgements which would materially affect the balances and results reported in
these financial statements.
Notes to the financial statements (continued)
For the year ended 31 October 2024
Operating loss

49

Group
Year ended
31 Oct 2024
£
Operating loss is presented after changing:
Professional and legal fees
Auditor remuneration (note 5)
Employee benefit expense (note 6)
Other expenses
Auditor remuneration

330,790
9,175
76,000
88,736

Fees payable to the auditor for the audit of the Company
Fees payable to the auditor for other services:
Tax services
Total auditor’s remuneration
Employee benefit expense

Year ended
31 Oct 2023
£
90,006
9,175
57,000
57,822

Group
Year ended
Year ended
31 Oct 2024
31 Oct 2023
£
£
8,250
8,000
1,285
9,535

1,175
9,175

Group
Year ended
Year ended
31 Oct 2024
31 Oct 2023
£
£
76,000
57,000
76,000
57,000

Directors’ remuneration
Total employee benefit expense

Sean Edward Wade and Mario Visconti received directors’ fees paid to companies, of which they are
directors. More details can be found in note 20. The Group has no employees (2023: none).
Other gains
Group
Year ended
Year ended
31 Oct 2024
31 Oct 2023
£
£
Net foreign exchange gains
163
Other gains – modification of convertible loan facility
5,786
5,949
Other gains represent the cancellation of accrued income incurred whilst in default of the Convertible
Loan Facility. More information is disclosed in note 15.

50

Notes to the financial statements (continued)
For the year ended 31 October 2024
Finance cost
Group
Year ended
Year ended
31 Oct 2024
31 Oct 2023
£
£
605
605

Interest on other loans
Taxation

Current tax charge
Deferred tax charge
Total tax charge

Group
Year ended
31 Oct 2024
£
-

Year ended
31 Oct 2023
£
-

Loss before taxation

(504,701)

(208,659)

(95,893)

(39,645)

34,742
61,151
-

39,645
-

Loss multiplied by the standard rate for tax for small companies
of 19% (2023: 19%)
Effects of:
Expenses not deductible for tax purposes
Effect of tax losses not recognised as deferred tax assets
Tax credit

Tax losses totalling approximately £1,321,870 (2023: £1,132,959) have been carried forward for use against
future taxable profits. A deferred tax asset has not been recognised because of uncertainty over future
taxable profits against which the losses may be used. Tax losses can be carried forward indefinitely.
Factors that may affect future tax charges:
From 1 April 2023 the corporation tax rate increased to 25% for companies with profits of over £250,000. A
small profits rate was also introduced for companies with profits of £50,000 or less so that they will continue
to pay corporation tax at 19%. From this date companies with profits between £50,000 and £250,000 will pay
tax at the main rate reduced by a marginal relief providing a gradual increase in the effective corporation tax
rate.
Loss per share
Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing the loss attributable to equity holders of the Company by
the weighted average number of Ordinary shares in issue during the year. Prior year earnings per share have
been restated to reflect a 10-for-1 share consolidation completed on 1 March 2024. As the Group is loss
making, the effect of instruments that convert into Ordinary shares is considered anti-dilutive.
The weighted average number of shares used in the calculations are set out below:
Group
Year ended
31 Oct 2024
£
Loss attributable to equity holders of the Company
Weighted average number of Ordinary shares in issue
Basic and diluted per share (pence)

51

(504,701)
7,050,000
(7.16)

Year ended
31 Oct 2023
£
(restated)
(208,659)
7,050,000
(2.96)

Notes to the financial statements (continued)
For the year ended 31 October 2024
Investment in subsidiary
Company
As at
As at
31 Oct 2024
31 Oct 2023
£
£
1
1
1
1

Investment in Subsidiary

At 31 October 2024 the Company held investments in share capital of the following subsidiary:
Company

Registered office

Proportion of equity
shares and voting rights
held by the Company

The Smarter Web
Company Research
Limited

Suite 11,14 London
Road, Guildford,
Surrey, United
Kingdom, GU1 2AG

100%

Nature of business

Dormant

Uranium Energy Exploration Subsidiary Limited was incorporated on 17 August 2022 in which the Company
was issued 1 share with an aggregate nominal value of £1.
Trade and other receivables

Intercompany receivables
VAT receivable
Other receivables

Group
As at
As at
31 Oct 2024
31 Oct 2023
£
£
14,941
2,200
2,200
14,941

Company
As at
As at
31 Oct 2024
31 Oct 2023
£
£
1,174
1,174
14,941
2,200
3,374
16,115

The Directors consider that the carrying amount of trade and other receivables approximates to their fair
value. All trade and other receivables are denominated in GBP.
Cash and cash equivalents
Group and Company
As at
As at
31 Oct 2024
31 Oct 2023
£
£
109,252
9,055

Cash at bank and on hand

The Directors consider that the carrying amount of cash and cash equivalents approximates to their fair
value. All cash held are denominated in GBP. The credit rating of the institutions where cash is held is A+.

52

Notes to the financial statements (continued)
For the year ended 31 October 2024
Trade and other payables

Trade and other payables
Shares to be issued
Accrued expenses
VAT Payable

Group
As at
As at
31 Oct 2024
31 Oct 2023
£
£
30
85,964
125,000
14,785
14,175
12,625
27,440
225,139

Company
As at
As at
31 Oct 2024
31 Oct 2023
£
£
31
85,965
125,000
14,785
14,175
12,625
27,441
225,140

The shares to be issued balance of £125,000 as at 31 October 2023 was expected to be settled on the
Company’s listing on AIM. As the listing did not take place, these amounts are now included within other
borrowings detailed in note 15.
The Directors consider that the carrying amount of trade payables approximates to their fair value. All trade
and other payables are denominated in GBP.
Borrowings
Group and Company
As at
As at
31 Oct 2024
31 Oct 2023
£
£
Convertible loan facility
50,000
50,000
Directors loan
14,353
Loan from Power Metal Resources Plc
562,291
140,935
Other borrowings
393,105
10,252
1,005,396
215,540
Convertible loan facility
On 12 April 2018, the Group entered into an agreement for a £50,000 facility, by way of an unsecured term
convertible loan facility, bearing interest at 4% per annum and convertible into 10,000,000 Ordinary shares
between 12 April 2018 and 12 October 2018. As the loan did not convert, the Group was in default of the
loan facility and the loan plus interest was repayable in cash. The interest continued to accrue at 4% per
annum and was recognised as a finance cost and included within trade and other payables.
The facility was renegotiated on 1 November 2022 and as a result the accumulated interest of £4,893 was
written off and the loan principal of £50,000 is repayable in Company shares on the Company’s listing on
AIM. A gain on the modification of the liability of £4,893 is included within “Other gains” in the consolidated
income statement.
As the Company did not successfully list on AIM prior to the long stop date, the Group was in default of the
loan facility at 31 October 2024. The balance of £50,000 is therefore repayable in cash on demand.
Loan from Power Metal Resources Plc
On 1 August 2023, the Group received a cash advance of £50,000 from Power Metal Resources Plc (“Power
Metals”). On 4 August 2023 the loan value was increased by £90,935. The loan is non-interest bearing and is
repayable in cash on demand.
The Group subsequently entered into an agreement for a £350,000 facility, by way of an additional loan
during the year. This agreement overrides any prior agreement between the Group and Power Metals. The
loan remains non-interest bearing and is repayable in cash on demand.

53

Notes to the financial statements (continued)
For the year ended 31 October 2024
Borrowings (continued)
Directors loan
On 31 March 2022, The Group received £10,000 from Ben Turney and a further £1,000 and £3,000 on 19
May 2022 and 26 May 2022. Ben Turney ceased to be a director of the Company on 3 November 2022.
During the year ended 31 October 2023, interest of £353 (2022: £nil) was incurred on the loan.
On 31 October 2024, it was agreed that the balance outstanding to Ben Turney inclusive of any interest
incurred would be repayable in Company shares on the Company’s admission to AIM. The Company did not
list on AIM during the year, defaulting on the loan. At 31 October 2024, the balance of £14,343 is repayable
in cash on demand.
The balance due to Ben Turney has been included in “Other borrowings” in the current financial year as Ben
Turney is no longer a company Director and the terms of the loan are aligned with that of the pre-IPO funding.
Other borrowings
The Group received funds totalling £378,752 during the year end 31 October 2024 in relation to pre-IPO
funding. Under the terms of each agreement, investors were entitled to Company shares conditional upon
admission to AIM prior to the long stop date, being 31 December 2024.
At the signing date of these financial statements, the Company had not yet successfully listed on AIM and
therefore is in default. Therefore, the amount of £378,752 is repayable in cash on demand.
Share capital and share premium

At 1 November 2023 - Ordinary shares of 0.5p
10:1 share consolidation on 1 March 2024
Ordinary shares of 5p
Share split on 1 March 2024:
Ordinary shares of 0.1p
Deferred shares of 4.9p

Number of
shares issued
and fully paid
70,500,000
(63,450,000)
7,050,000

Share
capital
£
352,500
352,500

7,050,000
7,050,000
14,100,000

7,050
345,450
352,500

On 1 March 2024 the Company completed a 10-for-1 share consolidation, followed by a share split into new
0.1p Ordinary shares and 4.9p Deferred shares. The Deferred shares are not transferable, do not carry any
rights to attend meetings of the Company, receive dividends or distributions, except for return of capital on
a winding up once the holders of Ordinary shares have first received a return on capital of £1,000,000 in
respect of each Ordinary share held by them. The Company may acquire from holder of Deferred shares all
of their Deferred Shares for a total price of 1 pence.
The share premium account remained unchanged at £1,515,032 during the years ended 31 October 2024
and 31 October 2023.

54

Notes to the financial statements (continued)
For the year ended 31 October 2024
Share warrants

Number of
Warrants
At the beginning and end of the year

5,131,269

Exercisable at year end

5,131,269

Group and Company
As at
31 Oct 2024
Weighted
average
Number of
exercise
Warrants
price
£
0.04
5,131,269
0.4

As at
31 Oct 2023
Weighted
average
exercise
price
£
0.04

5,131,269

0.4

Movements related to the changes in the share warrants are recognised in retained earnings. The exercise
price of the warrants has increased due to the 10:1 share consolidation completed during the year ended 31
October 2024.
The following warrants are outstanding at the year ended 31 October 2024:
Date granted

Party

Number of
warrants

Exercise
price

Expiry date

3 December 2014

Jason Drummond

1,710,423

0.3-0.4

3 December 2024

3 December 2014

Oliver Fattal

1,710,423

0.3-0.4

3 December 2024

3 December 2014

Nilesh Jagatia

1,710,423

0.3-0.4

3 December 2024

The warrants are equity instruments recognised at fair value at the date of grant. The fair value of the
warrants is not subsequently remeasured. After the year-end, all warrants lapsed unexercised on 3
December 2024.

55

Notes to the financial statements (continued)
For the year ended 31 October 2024
Financial instruments
Categories of financial instruments:
Group
As at
31 Oct 2024

Financial assets
Trade and other receivables (excluding
prepayments)
Cash and cash equivalents

Amortised
Cost
£
2,200
109,252
111,452

As at
31 Oct 2023

Total
£

Amortised
Cost
£

Total
£

2,200
109,252
111,452

9,055
9,055

9,055
9,055

Group
As at
31 Oct 2024

Financial liabilities
Trade and other payables (excluding nonfinancial liabilities)
Borrowings

As at
31 Oct 2023

Amortised
Cost
£

Total
£

Amortised
Cost
£

Total
£

14,815
1,005,396
1,020,211

14,815
1,005,396
1,020,211

225,139
215,540
440,679

225,139
215,540
440,679

Company
As at
31 Oct 2024

Financial assets
Trade and other receivables (excluding
prepayments)
Intercompany receivables
Cash and cash equivalents

As at
31 Oct 2023

Amortised
Cost
£

Total
£

Amortised
Cost
£

Total
£

2,200
1,174
109,252
112,626

2,200
1,174
109,252
112,626

1,174
9,055
10,229

1,174
9,055
10,229

56

Notes to the financial statements (continued)
For the year ended 31 October 2024
Financial instruments (continued)
Company
As at

As at

31 Oct 2024

Financial liabilities
Trade and other payables (excluding nonfinancial liabilities)
Borrowings

Amortised
Cost
£
14,816
1,005,396
1,020,212

31 Oct 2023

Total
£

Amortised
Cost
£

Total
£

14,816
1,005,396
1,020,212

225,140
215,540
440,680

225,140
215,540
440,680

Management objectives and policies
The Group’s policy is to maximise the after tax return on cash deposits, to take all discounts available from
the settlement of financial liabilities and to offer settlement discounts that result in the early payment of
financial assets, thus minimising credit risk.
Information relating to financial assets and liabilities
Details of the carrying value of the financial assets and liabilities are given in the Statement of Financial
Position and the related notes. The carrying value of these approximate to their fair value. The main risks
arising from the Groups instruments with the continuing operations are interest rate and capital risk
management. The policy for managing these risks is summarised below and will be applied.
Interest rates
Cash deposits are denominated in sterling and held in interest bearing bank accounts which currently
require no notice and are with recognised clearing banks. The accounts have been selected to achieve the
maximum possible interest rate whilst meeting the Company’s daily working capital requirements and are
regularly reviewed. The interest rates vary with the bank’s base rate.
Risk management objectives and policies
Capital risk management
The Group’s objectives when managing capital are:
- to safeguard the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern, so that it continues to provide returns
and benefits for shareholders;
- to support growth; and
- to provide capital for the purpose of strengthening the Group’s risk management capability.
The Group actively and regularly reviews and manages its capital structure to ensure an optimal capital
structure and equity holder returns, taking into consideration it’s future capital requirement, capital
efficiency, prevailing and projected profitability, projected operating cash flows, projected capital
expenditures and projected strategic investment opportunities. Management regards total equity as capital
and reserves, for capital management purposes.
The Directors monitors working capital on the basis of the value of its investments and the cash reserve. The
Company is currently largely un-geared. It is the stated strategy of the Group to invest in companies funded
through an equity fundraising or issue of debt instruments.
Credit risk
The Group’s financial instruments that are subject to credit risk are cash and cash equivalents and trade and
other receivables. The credit risk for cash and cash equivalents is considered negligible since the
counterparties are reputable financial institutions. The credit risk for trade and other receivables is not
significant for the Group, and for the Company it also includes an intercompany receivable of £1,174 which
Directors believe to be recoverable in full.

57

Notes to the financial statements (continued)
For the year ended 31 October 2024
Risk management objectives and policies (continued)
The Group’s maximum exposure to credit risk is £11,452 (2023: £10,229) comprising cash and cash
equivalents and trade and other receivables. No ECL provision has been recognised as at 31 October 2024
(2023: none) and no financial assts have been written-off during the year (2023: £nil).
Liquidity risk
Liquidity risk arises from the possibility that the Group might encounter difficulty in settling its debts or
otherwise meeting its obligations related to financial liabilities. The Company manages this risk through
maintaining a positive and controlling expenses and commitments. The Directors are confident that
adequate resources exist to finance current operations. As at 31 October 2024, all of Group’s and
Company’s financial liabilities are repayable on demand.
Related party transactions
Related parties comprise of key management personnel who are the Directors of the Company.
Keysford Limited, in which Sean Edward Wade is a Director, charged consultancy fees of £56,000 (2023:
£36,000). The amount owed to Keysford Limited at 31 October 2024 was £nil (2023: £nil).
123 Accounting Solutions Limited, in which Mario Visconti is a Director, charged consultancy fees of £20,000
(2023: £21,000). The amount owed to 123 Accounting Solutions Limited at 31 October 2024 was £nil (2023:
£1,800).
Within other borrowings is a balance of £10,000 (2023: £10,000), £7,000 (2023: £7,000) and £9,000 (2023:
£9,000) owed to Sean Edward Wade, Mario Visconti, and Alexander Barblett respectively, as part of the PreIPO investment. This is now repayable subsequent to the unsuccessful listing.
Events after the reporting date
There have been no material post balance sheet events that would require disclosure or adjustment to
these financial statements.
Ultimate controlling party
The Directors do not consider there to be an ultimate controlling party.

58

TEATHERS FINANCIAL PLC
Annual Report and Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended 31 October 2023

Company Information
Directors:

Mario Visconti
Alexander John Barblett
Sean Edward Wade

Secretary:

Blakelaw Secretaries Limited
Harbour Court
Compass Road
Portsmouth
Hampshire
PO6 4ST

Company Number:

00092343 (England and Wales)

Registered Office:

Suite 11
14 London Road
Guildford
Surrey
GU1 2AG

Statutory Auditors:

Adler Shine LLP
Chartered Accountants & Statutory Auditor
Aston House
Cornwall Avenue
London
N3 1LF

Principal Bankers:

Lloyds Banking Group Plc
79 High Street
Chesham
HP5 1BT

Solicitors to the Company:

Blake Morgan LLP
Apex Plaza
Forbury Road
Reading
RG1 1AX

Registrar:

Share Registrars Ltd
The Courtyard
17 West Street
Farnham
GU9 7DR

59

Chief Executive’s Statement
For the year ended 31 October 2023
During the period, the main activity was continued preparation for a London listing.
Work was undertaken to prepare for an IPO on the AIM Segment of the London Stock Exchange, which will involve
the conditional purchase of four exploration licences in Canada which are prospective for uranium.
The future outlook for the business is as a listed entity with a growing portfolio of uranium exploration licences.

Sean Edward Wade
Chief Executive Officer
Date: 02 February 2024

60

Strategic Report
For the year ended 31 October 2023
The Directors present their strategic report on Teathers Financial Plc (“the Company”) and its subsidiaries (together
“the Group”) for the year ended 31 October 2023.
Review of the business
A review of the business is given in the Chief Executive’s Statement on page 2.
Future outlook
The Chief Executive’s Statement on page 2 gives information on the future outlook of the Group.
Principal risks and uncertainties
Set out below are the principal risks which we believe could materially affect the Group’s ability to achieve its
objectives. The risks are not listed in order of significance.
Reliance on its Directors
The Group’s business, development and prospects are dependent upon the continued services and performance
of its Directors. The experience and commercial relationships of the Directors help provide the Group with a
competitive edge. The Directors believe that the loss of services of any of its Directors, for any reason, or failure to
attract and retain necessary personnel in the future, could adversely impact the business, development, financial
condition, results of operations and prospects of the Group.
Market conditions
Market conditions may have a negative impact on the Group’s ability to execute investments in suitable entities
which generate acceptable returns. There is no guarantee that the Group will be successful in sourcing suitable
investments. The longer the period the greater the likely impact on the Group’s performance and financial
condition.
Financing
The Group’s sources of financing currently are limited. The Group’s ability to raise further funds will depend on the
success of investments identified. The Group may not be successful in procuring the requisite funds on terms which
are acceptable to it (or at all) and, if such funding is unavailable, the Group may be required to reduce the scope
of its investments or anticipated expansion. Further, shareholders’ holdings of new share issues may be materially
diluted if debt financing is not available.
General economic climate
During periods of adverse economic conditions, the Group may have difficulty accessing financial markets, which
could make it more difficult or impossible for the Group to obtain funding for additional investments and negatively
affect its net asset value and operating results. Accordingly, adverse economic conditions may have a material
adverse effect on the business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Factors that may contribute
to the general economic climate include industrial disruption, interest rates and the rate of inflation.
Competition
The Group may face competition from other entities for the same investments, many of which may have
significantly greater financial resources. There is therefore no guarantee that even if the Group identifies a suitable
investment, it will be successful in completing such investment.

61

Strategic Report (continued)
For the year ended 31 October 2023
Key Performance Indicators (KPIs)
The key performance indicators currently used by the Group are investments made to-date and cash resources.
The Directors intend to establish other key performance indicators in due course once the Group has matured
sufficiently.
The Group does not use and does not at present intend to use non-financial key performance indicators.
Group
2023
£
9,055
(416,683)

Cash and cash equivalents
Net liabilities

2022
£
77,224
(208,024)

Review of strategy and business model
The Board of Directors (the “Board”) judge the Group’s financial performance by reference to the internal budget
which it establishes at the beginning of each financial year and the expected performance of its investments in the
future.
The Group’s strategy is to invest in uranium exploration licences. During the period, the Group made significant
progress towards the acquisition of two licences.
Investing policy
The Group’s primary objective is that of securing for the Shareholders the best possible capital appreciation over
time.
Environment
The Directors consider that the nature of the Group’s activities is not inherently detrimental to the environment.
Social, community, and human rights
The Board recognises that the Group has a duty to be a good corporate citizen and to respect the laws, and where
appropriate the customs and culture of the territories in which it operates. It contributes as far as is practicable to
the local communities in which it operates and takes a responsible and positive approach to employment practices.
Section 172 (1) Statement
The Directors of Teathers Financial Plc have considered their duties under Section 172 of the Companies Act 2006
and confirm that, in making decisions that effect the company, they have acted in accordance with their duty to
promote the success of the company. In doing so, the directors have taken into account the long-term
consequences of their decisions, the interests of the company’s employees, the relationships with suppliers,
customers and others.
The directors have also engaged with stakeholders to understand their views and have taken these into account
when making decisions that affect the company. The board has established effective systems of internal control to
safeguard the asses of the company and to ensure compliance with relevant laws and regulations.
The strategic report was approved by the Board and signed on its behalf by:

Sean Edward Wade
Chief Executive Officer
Date: 02 February 2023

62

Directors’ Report
For the year ended 31 October 2023
The Directors present their report and the audited consolidated financial statements of Teathers Financial Plc for
the year ended 31 October 2023.
Corporate details
Teathers Financial Plc is incorporated and registered in England and Wales, company number 00092343. The
registered office is Suite 11, 14 London Road, Guildford, Surrey, GU1 2AG.
Directors
The following Directors have held office during the year and up to the date of approval of this report:
Alexander John Barblett
Mario Visconti
Sean Edward Wade
Ben Turney (resigned 3 November 2022)
In accordance with the Company’s Articles of Association, Directors are required to retire by rotation.
Principal activities
The principal activity of the Group is to invest in uranium exploration licences.
Dividends
There were no dividends paid or proposed by the Group in the current period (2022: £nil).
Going concern
As at 31 October 2023 the Group had a cash balance of £9,055 (2022: £77,224), net current liabilities of £416,683
(2022: £208,024).
The Directors have considered the applicability of the going concern basis in the preparation of these financial
statements. This included the review of internal budgets and financial results which show, taking into account
reasonably probable changes in financial performance that the Group should be able to operate within the level
of its current funding arrangements.
The Directors have a reasonable expectation that once the necessary funding has been received, the Group will
have adequate resources to continue in operation for the foreseeable future. For this reason, they have adopted
the going concern basis in the preparation of the financial statements.
The Directors note, however, that the ability of the Group to raise funds in the future represents a material
uncertainty which may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern.
Financial risk management
The financial risk management is discussed in note 19 of the financial statements.
Creditors’ payment policy
The Group’s policy is to agree terms of payment with suppliers and abide by those terms subject to timely
submission of acceptable invoices. Where prompt payment settlement discount is available it is the Group’s policy
to settle accounts whenever possible within the discount period. In order to manage their cash more effectively,
where possible, the Group negotiates special terms with certain suppliers to delay payments. At the period end,
the amounts owing to trade creditors represented an average of 59 days (2022: 35 days).

63

Directors’ Report (continued)
For the year ended 31 October 2023
Directors’ interest in shares and debentures
Directors’ interests in the shares of the Group, including family interests, were as follows:
Director

31 October
2023
Ordinary
Shares of 0.5p
each
1,873,464

Alexander John Barblett
Mario Visconti
Sean Edward Wade

31 October
2022
Ordinary
Shares of 0.5p
each
1,873,464

Directors’ indemnity
The Group has not provided qualifying third-party indemnities for the benefit of its Directors.
Disclosure of information
In the case of each of the persons who are acting as Directors of the Group at the date when this report was
approved:
•
•

so far as each of the Directors are aware, there is no relevant audit information (as defined in the
Companies Act 2006) of the which the Group’s auditor is not aware; and
each of the Directors have taken all the steps that they ought to have taken as a Director to make
themselves aware of any relevant audit information and to establish that the Group’s auditor is aware of
that information.

Auditors
Adler Shine LLP were appointed as auditors and a resolution to reappoint them will be proposed at the forthcoming
Annual General Meeting.
Annual General Meeting
The resolutions to be proposed at the forthcoming Annual General Meeting are set out in the notice of the meeting.
Recommendation
The Board considers that the resolutions to be proposed at the Annual General Meeting are in the best interests
of the Group and it is unanimously recommended that shareholders support these proposals as the Board intends
to do in respect of their own holdings.
The Directors’ Report was approved by the Board and signed on its behalf by:

Sean Edward Wade
Chief Executive Officer
Date: 02 February 2023

64

Directors’ Information
For the year ended 31 October 2023
Mario Visconti, Director
Mario Visconti has over 20 years’ experience in the accountancy sector. He owns a successful accountancy and
consultancy business that specialises working with limited companies in the private sectors. He has been finance
manager of a company within the construction industry for 17 years, heading up the finance department. Mario
also works as a consultant for a number of PLCs, assisting them with internal financial management and reporting.
Alexander John Barblett, Non-Executive Chairman
Sandy has over 25 years of senior management experience across numerous sectors. He sits as a director and
advises companies, both private and listed, in relation to raising private equity and general fundraising, admission
into public markets, strategy and management selection. He spent 10 years in senior management working for
former FTSE 250 technology company, Pace PLC, including overseas assignments in USA and Hong Kong.
He is a founder and advisor to the Eastern Heavy Minerals project which is the sole project for AIM quoted Capital
Metals PLC, currently Chairman of East Star Resources PLC and IamFire PLC.
Sandy has a Bachelor of Business from Curtin University of Technology in Perth, Australia, and a Bachelor of Law
from the University of Queensland.
Sean Edward Wade, Chief Executive
Sean Wade is an experienced corporate executive within the natural resources sector, having held senior roles in
a number of mining companies including Berkeley Energia, Pensana and Asia Resource Minerals. He has also held
consultancy roles with: SolGold, AEX Gold, AfriTin, Candelaria Mining, Anglesey Mining and Kavango Resources.
He has worked on numerous transactions in the capital markets, including IPO’s, secondary capital raising and M&A
in various jurisdictions.
Sean started his career in capital markets at Cazenove & Co. He holds a masters degree from the University of
Cambridge.

65

Statement of Directors’ Responsibilities in the preparation of the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 October 2023
The Directors are responsible for preparing the financial statements in accordance with applicable laws and
regulations.
Company law requires the Directors to prepare financial statements for each financial year. Under that law the
Directors are required to prepare the financial statements in accordance with UK adopted International Accounting
Standards (“IFRS”) and in conformity with the requirements of the Companies Act 2006 and have elected under
company law to prepare the Group financial statements in accordance with IFRS in conformity with the
requirements of the Companies Act 2006. Under company law, the Directors must not approve the financial
statements unless they are satisfied that they give a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the Group and of
the profit or loss for that period. In preparing those financial statements, International Accounting Standard 1
requires the Directors to:
•
•
•
•
•

properly select and consistently apply accounting policies;
present information, including accounting policies, in a manner that provides relevant, reliable,
comparable and understandable information;
make judgements and accounting estimates that are reasonable and prudent
provide additional disclosures when compliance with the specific requirements in IFRSs are insufficient to
enable users to understand the impact of particular transactions, other events and conditions on the
entity’s financial position and financial performance; and
make an assessment of the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern.

The Directors are responsible for keeping adequate accounting records that are sufficient to show and explain the
Group’s transactions and disclose with reasonable accuracy at any time the financial position of the Group and
enable them to ensure that the financial statements comply with the Companies Act 2006. They are also
responsible for safeguarding the Group’s assets and hence for taking reasonable steps for the prevention and
detection of fraud and other irregularities.
The Directors are also responsible for the maintenance and integrity of the investor information contained on the
website. Legislation in the UK concerning the preparation and dissemination of financial statements may differ
from legislation in other jurisdictions.
Financial statements are published on the Company’s website. The maintenance and integrity of the website is the
responsibility of the Directors. The Director’s responsibility also extends to the financial statements contained
therein.
The Statement of Directors’ Responsibilities in the preparation of the Consolidated Financial Statements was
approved by the Board and signed on its behalf by:

Sean Edward Wade
Chief Executive Officer
Date: 02 February 2024

66

Independent Auditors’ Report to the members of Teathers Financial Plc
For the year ended 31 October 2023
Opinion
We have audited the financial statements of Teathers Financial Plc for the period-ended 31 October 2023 which
comprise the Statement of Comprehensive Income, the Statement of Financial Position, the Statement of Changes
in Equity, the Statements of Cash Flows and notes to the financial statements, including a summary of significant
accounting policies. The financial reporting framework that has been applied in their preparation is applicable law
and UK adopted International Accounting Standards (“IAS”).
In our opinion the financial statements:
• give a true and fair view of the state of the company’s affairs as at 31 October 2023 and of the company’s loss
for the period then ended;
• have been properly prepared in accordance with UK adopted International Accounting Standards;
• have been prepared in accordance with the requirements of the Companies Act 2006.
Basis for opinion
We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (UK) (ISAs (UK) and applicable law.
Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of
the financial statements section of our report. We are independent of the company in accordance with the ethical
requirements that are relevant to our audit of the financial statements in the UK, including the FRC’s Ethical
Standard, and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements. We
believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.
Material uncertainty related to going concern
We draw attention to the going concern accounting policy within the financial statements, which indicates that
the Group made a loss in the current year as well as having a cash position of £9,055 and net liability position of
£416,683 as at 31 October 2023. The company needs to raise funds in the near term for working capital purposes.
As a result this casts a material uncertainty as to the future performance of the company for the 12 months
following the audit report signature date. The Chief Executive’s Statement outlines the future plans of the company
which contain a number of conditional events that are required to occur in order for the company to resume
profitable trading and working capital coverage. Our opinion is not modified in respect of this matter.
Other information
The other information comprises the information included in the annual report, other than the financial statements
and our auditor’s report thereon. The Directors are responsible for the other information. Our opinion on the
company financial statements does not cover the other information and, except to the extent otherwise explicitly
stated in our report, we do not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon. In connection with our audit of
the financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing so, consider whether the
other information is materially inconsistent with the financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit
or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If we identify such material inconsistencies or apparent material
misstatements, we are required to determine whether there is a material misstatement in the financial statements
or a material misstatement of the other information. If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that
there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact.
We have nothing to report in this regard.
Opinions on other matters prescribed by the Companies Act 2006
In our opinion, based on the work undertaken in the course of the audit:
• the information given in the Strategic Report and the Directors’ Report for the financial year for which the
financial statements are prepared is consistent with the financial statements; and
the Strategic Report and the Directors’ Report have been prepared in accordance with applicable legal
requirements.

67

Independent Auditors’ Report to the members of Teathers Financial Plc
(continued)
For the year ended 31 October 2023
Matters on which we are required to report by exception
In the light of the knowledge and understanding of the company and its environment obtained in the course of the
audit, we have not identified material misstatements in the Strategic Report or the Directors’ Report.
We have nothing to report in respect of the following matters in relation to which the Companies Act 2006 requires
us to report to you if, in our opinion:
•

adequate accounting records have not been kept by the company, or returns adequate for our audit have not
been received from branches not visited by us; or
• the company financial statements are not in agreement with the accounting records and returns; or
• certain disclosures of directors’ remuneration specified by law are not made; or
• we have not received all the information and explanations we require for our audit.
Responsibilities of directors
As explained more fully in the Directors’ Responsibilities Statement on page 8, the directors are responsible for the
preparation of the company financial statements and for being satisfied that they give a true and fair view, and for
such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of financial statements that
are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
In preparing the financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the company’s ability to continue
as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of
accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the company or to cease operations, or have no realistic
alternative but to do so.
Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are free from
material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an Auditor’s Report that includes our opinion.
Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance
with ISAs (UK) will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or
error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to
influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these financial statements.
Irregularities, including fraud, are instances of non-compliance with laws and regulations. We design procedures
in line with our responsibilities, outlined above, to detect material misstatements in respect of irregularities,
including fraud. The extent to which our procedures are capable of detecting irregularities, including fraud is
detailed below:
• We obtained an understanding of the company and the sector in which it operates to identify laws and
regulations that could reasonably be expected to have a direct effect on the financial statements. We
obtained our understanding in this regard through discussions with management, industry research and
experience of the sector.
• We determined the principal laws and regulations relevant to the company in this regard to be those
arising from the Companies Act 2006 and IFRS accounting standards.
• We designed our audit procedures to ensure the audit team considered whether there were any
indications of non-compliance by the company with those laws and regulations. These procedures
included, but were not limited to:
o enquiries of management and review of minutes of meetings
As in all of our audits, we addressed the risk of fraud arising from management override of controls by
performing audit procedures which included, but were not limited to the testing of journals and evaluating the
business rationale of any significant transactions that are unusual or outside the normal course of business.

68

Independent Auditors’ Report to the members of Teathers Financial Plc
(continued)
For the year ended 31 October 2023
Because of the inherent limitations of an audit, there is a risk that we will not detect all irregularities, including
those leading to a material misstatement in the financial statements or non-compliance with regulation. This risk
increases the more that compliance with a law or regulation is removed from the events and transactions reflected
in the financial statements, as we will be less likely to become aware of instances of non-compliance. The risk is
also greater regarding irregularities occurring due to fraud rather than error, as fraud involves intentional
concealment, forgery, collusion, omission or misrepresentation.
A further description of our responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements is located on the Financial
Reporting Council’s website at: www.frc.org.uk/auditorsresponsibilities. This description forms part of our
auditor’s report.
Use of our report
This report is made solely to the Company’s members, as a body, in accordance with Chapter 3 of Part 16 of the
Companies Act 2006. Our audit work has been undertaken so that we might state to the Company’s members
those matters we are required to state to them in an auditor’s report and for no other purpose. To the fullest
extent permitted by law, we do not accept or assume responsibility to anyone, other than the Company and the
Company's members as a body, for our audit work, for this report, or for the opinions we have formed.

Christopher Taylor FCA
(Senior Statutory Auditor)
For and on behalf of Adler Shine LLP, Chartered Accountants and Statutory Auditor
Aston House
Cornwall Avenue
London N3 1LF
Date: 02/02/2024
Adler Shine LLP is a limited liability partnership registered in England and Wales (with registered number OC301724).

69

Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
For the year ended 31 October 2023
Year ended
31 Oct 2023
£

Period ended
31 Oct 2022
£

4

(214,003)
(214,003)

(96,892)
(96,892)

Other gains
Finance costs
Loss before taxation

7
8

5,949
(605)
(208,659)

(2,000)
(98,892)

Income tax
Loss for the period

9

(208,659)

(98,892)

(208,659)

(98,892)

(0.30)

(0.14)

Notes
Continuing operations
Administrative expenses
Operating loss

Other comprehensive income
Total comprehensive loss for the period
Loss per ordinary share (pence)
Basic and diluted

10

The notes on pages 19 to 30 are an integral part of these financial statements.

70

Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
For the year ended 31 October 2023
As at
31 Oct 2023
£

As at
31 Oct 2022
£

14,941
9,055
23,996

3,978
77,224
81,202

23,996

81,202

16
16

352,500
1,515,032
(2,284,215)
(416,683)

352,500
1,515,032
(2,075,556)
(208,024)

14
15

225,139
215,540
440,679

215,226
74,000
289,226

23,996

81,202

Notes
Assets
Current assets
Trade and other receivables
Cash and cash equivalents
Total current assets

12
13

TOTAL ASSETS
Equity
Share capital
Share premium
Accumulated losses
Total equity
Liabilities
Current liabilities
Trade and other payables
Borrowings
Total current liabilities
TOTAL EQUITY AND LIABILITIES

The consolidated financial statements were approved and authorised for issue by the Board and signed for on its
behalf by:

Sean Edward Wade
Chief Executive Officer
Date: 02 February 2024
Company registration number: 00092343
The notes on pages 19 to 30 are an integral part of these financial statements.

71

Company Statement of Financial Position
For the year ended 31 October 2023
As at
31 Oct 2023
£

As at
31 Oct 2022
£

11

1
1

1
1

12
13

16,115
9,055
25,170

4,501
77,224
81,725

25,171

81,726

352,500
1,515,032
(2,283,041)

352,500
1,515,032
(2,075,033)

(415,509)

(207,501)

225,140
215,540
440,680

215,227
74,000
289,227

25,171

81,726

Notes
Assets
Non-current assets
Investment in subsidiary
Total non-current assets
Current assets
Trade and other receivables
Cash and cash equivalents
Total current assets
TOTAL ASSETS
Equity
Share capital
Share premium
Accumulated losses

16
16

Total equity
Liabilities
Current liabilities
Trade and other payables
Borrowings
Total current liabilities

14
15

TOTAL EQUITY AND LIABILITIES

The Company has elected to take the exemption under section 408 of the Companies Act 2006 not to present the
Company’s Statement of Comprehensive Income. The loss after tax for the year ended 31 October 2023 was
£208,008 (2022: loss of £98,369).
The financial statements were approved and authorised for issue by the Board and signed for on its behalf by:

Sean Edward Wade
Chief Executive Officer
Date: 02 February 2024
Company registration number: 00092343
The notes on pages 19 to 30 are an integral part of these financial statements.

72

Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
For the year ended 31 October 2023

At 30 October 2021

Share
capital
£
352,500

Share
premium
£
1,515,032

Accumulated
Losses
£
(1,976,664)

£
(109,132)

Total comprehensive loss for the period
At 31 October 2022

352,500

1,515,032

(98,892)
(2,075,556)

(98,892)
(208,024)

Total comprehensive loss for the year
At 31 October 2023

352,500

1,515,032

(208,659)
(2,284,215)

(208,659)
(416,683)

The notes on pages 19 to 30 are an integral part of these financial statements.

73

Total

Company Statement of Changes in Equity
For the year ended 31 October 2023

At 30 October 2021

Share
capital
£
352,500

Share
premium
£
1,515,032

Accumulated
Losses
£
(1,976,664)

£
(109,132)

Total comprehensive loss for the period
At 31 October 2022

352,500

1,515,032

(98,369)
(2,075,033)

(98,369)
(207,501)

Total comprehensive loss for the year
At 31 October 2023

352,500

1,515,032

(208,008)
(2,283,041)

(208,008)
(415,509)

The notes on pages 19 to 30 are an integral part of these financial statements.

74

Total

Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
For the year ended 31 October 2023
Year ended
31 Oct 2023
£

Period ended
31 Oct 2022
£

(208,659)

(98,892)

(5,949)
605

-

(10,963)
15,862
(117,564)

(3,635)
29,961
(72,566)

140,935
140,935

24,000
125,000
149,000

Net (decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents

(68,169)

76,434

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period

77,224

790

9,055

77,224

Notes
Cash flow from operating activities
Loss before tax
Adjustments for:
Other gains
Finance cost
Changes in working capital:
Increase trade and other receivables
Increase in trade and other payables
Net cash used in operating activities

7
8

Cash flows from financing activities
Proceeds from borrowings
Funds received for shares not yet issued
Net cash generated from financing activities

15
14

Cash and cash equivalents at end of period

13

Significant non-cash transactions for the year are disclosed in note 15.
The notes on pages 19 to 30 are an integral part of these financial statements.

75

Company Statement of Cash Flows
For the year ended 31 October 2023
Year ended
31 Oct 2023
£

Period ended
31 Oct 2022
£

(208,008)

(98,369)

(5,949)
605

-

(11,614)
15,862
(117,564)

(4,158)
29,962
(72,565)

-

(1)
(1)

140,935
140,935

24,000
125,000
149,000

Net increase in cash and cash equivalents

(68,169)

76,434

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year / period

77,224

790

9,055

77,224

Notes
Cash flow from operating activities
Loss before tax
Adjustments for:
Other gains
Finance cost
Changes in working capital
Increase trade and other receivables
Increase in trade and other payables
Net cash used in operating activities

7
8

Cash flow from investing activities
Investment in subsidiary
Net cash used in investing activities
Cash flows from financing activities
Proceeds from borrowings
Funds received for shares not yet issued
Net cash generated from investing activities

15
14

Cash and cash equivalents at end of year / period

13

Significant non-cash transactions for the year are disclosed in note 15.
The notes on pages 19 to 30 are an integral part of these financial statements.

76

Notes to the financial statements
For the year ended 31 October 2023
General information
Teathers Financial Plc (the “Company”) is incorporated and domiciled in the United Kingdom. The Company is a
public limited company, the address of the registered office is Suite 11, 14 London Road, Guildford, Surrey, England,
GU1 2AG.
The principal activity of the Company and its subsidiaries (together the “Group”) during the year was that of an
investment group.
Accounting policies
The principal accounting policies applied in the preparation of these financial statements are set out below.
The policies have been consistently applied throughout the year.
Basis of preparation
The consolidated and company financial statements have been prepared in accordance with UK-adopted
international accounting standards in conformity with the requirements of the Companies Act 2006 (“IFRS”).
The consolidated and company financial statements comprise the financial year to 31 October 2023 and the
comparative figures represent the period from 30 October 2021 to 31 October 2022.
The consolidated and company financial statements have also been prepared under the historical cost convention,
except for revaluation of certain financial instruments.
The consolidated and company financial statements are presented in Pounds Sterling (“£”/ ”GBP”), which is the
Group’s and Company’s presentational currency and the currency of the primary economic environment in which
the Company operates.
All amounts disclosed in the financial statements have been rounded to the nearest whole number, unless
otherwise stated.
New standards, amendments and interpretations adopted by the Group
There were no new standards, amendments, or interpretations effective for the first time for periods beginning on
or after 1 January 2022 that had a material effect on the Group financial statements.
At the date of approval of these financial statements, the following standards and interpretations which have not
been applied in these financial statements were in issue but not yet effective:
Standard

Effective date

Disclosure of accounting policies (Amendments to IAS 1);

1 January 2023

Definition of accounting estimates (Amendments to IAS 8);

1 January 2023

Deferred Tax relating to Assets and Liabilities arising from a Single Transaction (Amendments to IAS 12);

1 January 2023

International Tax Reform — Pillar Two Model Rules (Amendments to IAS 12);

1 January 2023

Initial Application of IFRS 17 and IFRS 9 – Comparative Information Amendment to IFRS 17);

1 January 2023

Non-current Liabilities with Covenants (Amendments to IAS 1);

1 January 2024

Amendments to IAS 1 Presentation of Financial Statements: Classification of Liabilities as Current or Noncurrent*; and

1 January 2024
1 January 2025

Amendments to IAS 21- Effects of Changes in Foreign Exchange Rates : Lack of Exchangeability*
*Not yet endorsed in the UK

77

Notes to the financial statements (continued)
For the year ended 31 October 2023
Accounting policies (continued)
The Directors do not expect that the adoption of these standards will have a material impact on the financial
information of the group or company in future periods.
Going concern
As at 31 October 2023 the Group had a cash balance of £9,055 (2022: £77,224), net current liabilities of £416,683
(2022: £208,024).
The Directors have considered the applicability of the going concern basis in the preparation of these financial
statements. This included the review of internal budgets and financial results which show, taking into account
reasonably probable changes in financial performance that the Group should be able to operate within the level
of its current funding arrangements.
The Directors have a reasonable expectation that once the necessary funding has been received, the Group will
have adequate resources to continue in operation for the foreseeable future. For this reason, they have adopted
the going concern basis in the preparation of the financial statements.
The ability of the Group to raise funds in the future represents a material uncertainty which may cast significant
doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern.
Financial assets
Classification
The Group classifies its financial liabilities into one category, being financial assets held at amortised cost.
Amortised cost
Financial assets held at amortised cost comprise trade and other receivables and cash and cash equivalents.
These assets are non-derivative financial assets with fixed or determinable payments that are not quoted in an
active market. They arise principally through the provision of goods and services to customers (e.g., trade
receivables), but also incorporate other types of financial assets where the objective is to hold their assets in order
to collect contractual cash flows and the contractual cash flows are solely payments of the principal and interest.
They are initially recognised at fair value plus transaction costs that are directly attributable to their acquisition or
issue and are subsequently carried at amortised cost using the effective interest rate method, less provision for
impairment.
Impairment provisions for trade and other receivables are recognised based on the simplified approach within IFRS
9 using the lifetime expected credit losses (“ECL”) method. During this process the probability of the non-payment
of the receivables is assessed. This probability is then multiplied by the amount of the expected loss arising from
default to determine the lifetime ECL for the receivables. For trade and other receivables, which are reported net,
such provisions are recorded in a separate provision account with the loss being recognised within administrative
expenses in the statement of comprehensive income. On confirmation that the trade or other receivable will not
be collectable, the gross carrying value of the asset is written off against the associated provision.
Derecognition of financial assets
The Group derecognise a financial asset when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the asset expire, or it
transfers the asset and substantially all the risk and rewards of ownership of the asset to another entity.
Cash and cash equivalents
Cash and short-term deposits in the Statement of Financial Position comprise cash at bank and in hand and shortterm deposits with an original maturity of less than three months, reduced by overdrafts to the extent that there
is a right of offset against other cash balances.
Share capital
Share capital represents the nominal value of equity shares.

78

Notes to the financial statements (continued)
For the year ended 31 October 2023
Accounting policies (continued)
Share premium
Share premium represents the excess over nominal value of the fair value of consideration received for equity
shares.
Incremental costs directly attributable to the issue of new equity shares are deducted from the share premium
account.
Accumulated losses
Accumulated losses consist of cumulative net gains and losses recognised in the statement of comprehensive
income plus transactions recognised directly in equity.
Financial liabilities
The Group classifies its financial liabilities into one category, being other financial liabilities measured at amortised
cost.
Trade and other payables
Financial liabilities included in trade and other payables are recognised initially at fair value. Subsequent to initial
recognition they are measured at amortised cost using the effective interest rate method. Accounts payable are
classified as current liabilities if payment is due within one year or less (or in the normal operating cycle of the
business if longer). If not, they are presented as non-current liabilities.
Borrowings
Borrowings are recognised initially at fair value, net of transaction costs incurred. Borrowings are subsequently
carried at amortised cost; any difference between the proceeds (net of transaction costs) and the redemption
value is recognised in the income statement over the period of the borrowings, using the effective interest method.
Fees paid on the establishment of loan facilities are recognised as transaction costs of the loan to the extent that
it is probable that some or all of the facility will be drawn down. To the extent that there is no evidence that it is
probable that some or all of the facility will be drawn down, the fee is capitalised as a prepayment for liquidity
services and amortised over the period of the facility to which it relates.
Convertible loan note
Convertible loan notes are regarded as compound instruments, consisting of a liability component and an equity
component. The component parts of compound instruments are classified separately as financial liabilities and
equity in accordance with the substance of the contractual arrangement. At the date of issue, the fair value of the
liability component is estimated using the prevailing market interest rate for a similar non-convertible instrument.
This amount is recorded as a liability on an amortised cost basis until extinguished upon conversion or at the
instrument’s maturity date. The equity component is determined by deducting the amount of the liability
component from the fair value of the compound instrument as a whole. This is recognised and included in equity,
net of income tax effects, and is not subsequently remeasured.
Current and deferred tax
The tax expense comprises current and deferred tax. Tax is recognised in the income statement, except to the
extent that it relates to items recognised in other comprehensive income where the associated tax is also
recognised in other comprehensive income.
The current income tax charge is calculated on the basis of the tax rates at the Statement of Financial Position date.
Management evaluates the position and establishes provisions on the basis of amounts expected to be paid to the
tax authority.

79

Deferred tax is recognised, using the liability method, on all temporary differences at the Statement of Financial
Position date between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts for financial reporting
purposes.

80

Notes to the financial statements (continued)
For the year ended 31 October 2023
Accounting policies (continued)
Deferred tax assets are recognised for all deductible temporary differences, carry-forward of unused tax assets
and tax losses, to the extent that they are regarded as recoverable. They are regarded as recoverable where, on
the basis of available evidence, there will be sufficient taxable profits against which the future reversal of the
underlying temporary differences can be deducted.
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply to the year when the
asset is realised or the liability is settled, based on the current tax rates at the Statement of Financial Position date.
Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to offset current tax
assets against current tax liabilities.
Foreign currencies
Transactions in currencies other than the functional currency of each entity are recorded at the exchange rate on
the date the transaction occurred. Foreign exchange gains and losses resulting from the settlement of such
transactions, and from the translation of monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies at year
end exchange rates, are recognised in profit or loss.
Investment in subsidiaries
In the Company financial statements, equity investments in Company’s subsidiaries are stated at cost, which is the
fair value of the consideration paid, less any impairment provision.
Critical accounting estimates and judgements
For the year ended 31 October 2023 and the comparative period end, the Directors do not consider that they have
made any significant estimates or judgements which would materially affect the balances and results reported in
these financial statements.
Operating loss
Group
Year ended
Period ended
31 Oct 2023
31 Oct 2022
£
£
Operating loss is presented after taking
the following into account:
Professional and legal fees
Auditor remuneration (note 5)
Employee benefit expense (note 6)
Other expenses

90,006
9,175
57,000
57,822

81

51,381
8,500
11,500
25,511

Company
Year ended Period ended
31 Oct 2023
31 Oct 2022
£
£

89,355
9,175
57,000
57,822

51,381
8,500
11,500
24,988

Notes to the financial statements (continued)
For the year ended 31 October 2023
Auditor remuneration
During the period the Company obtained the following services from the auditor:

Fees payable to the auditor for the audit of the Company
Fees payable to the auditor for other services:
Tax services
Total auditor’s remuneration

Group and Company
Year ended
Period ended
31 Oct 2023
31 Oct 2022
£
£
8,000
7,500
1,175
9,175

1,000
8,500

Employee benefit expense
Group and Company
Year ended
Period ended
31 Oct 2023
31 Oct 2022
£
£
57,000
11,500
57,000
11,500

Directors’ remuneration
Total employee benefit expense

Sean Edward Wade and Mario Visconti received directors’ fees paid to companies, of which they are directors.
More details can be found in note 20. The Group has no employees (2022: none).
Other gains
Group and Company
Year ended
Period ended
31 Oct 2023
31 Oct 2022
£
£
163
5,786
5,949
-

Net foreign exchange gains
Other gains – modification of convertible loan facility

Other gains represent the cancellation of accrued income incurred whilst in default of the Convertible Loan
Facility. More information is disclosed in note 15.
Finance cost
Group and Company
Year ended
Period ended
31 Oct 2023
31 Oct 2022
£
£
2,000
605
605
2,000

Interest on convertible loan note facility
Interest on other loans

82

Notes to the financial statements (continued)
For the year ended 31 October 2023
Taxation

Current tax charge
Deferred tax charge
Total tax charge

Group
Year ended
31 Oct 2023
£
-

Loss before taxation

(208,659)

(98,892)

39,645

18,789

(39,645)
-

(18,789)
-

Loss multiplied by the standard rate for tax for small companies of
19% (2022: 19%)
Effects of:
Effect of tax losses not recognised as deferred tax assets
Tax credit

Period ended
31 Oct 2022
£
-

Tax losses totalling approximately £1,132,959 (2022: £1,093,313) have been carried forward for use against future
taxable profits. A deferred tax asset has not been recognised because of uncertainty over future taxable profits
against which the losses may be used. Tax losses can be carried forward indefinitely.
Factors that may affect future tax charges:
From 1 April 2023 the corporation tax rate increased to 25% for companies with profits of over £250,000. A small
profits rate was also introduced for companies with profits of £50,000 or less so that they will continue to pay
corporation tax at 19%. From this date companies with profits between £50,000 and £250,000 will pay tax at the
main rate reduced by a marginal relief providing a gradual increase in the effective corporation tax rate.
Loss per share
Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing the loss attributable to equity holders of the Group by the
weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue during the period. As the Group is loss making, the effect of
instruments that convert into ordinary shares is considered anti-dilutive.
The weighted average number of shares used in the calculations are set out below:
Group
Year ended
31 Oct 2023
£
(208,659)
70,500,000
(0.30)

Loss attributable to equity holders of the company
Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue
Basic and diluted per share (pence)

83

Period ended
31 Oct 2022
£
(98,892)
70,500,000
(0.14)

Notes to the financial statements (continued)
For the year ended 31 October 2023
Investment in subsidiary
Company
As at
As at
31 Oct 2023
31 Oct 2022
£
£
1
1
1
1

At period start
Additions
At period end

At 31 October 2023 the Company held investments in share capital of the following subsidiary:
Company

Registered office

Uranium Energy
Exploration Limited

14 London Road,
Suite 11, Guildford,
Surrey, United
Kingdom, GU1 2AG

Proportion of equity
shares and voting rights
held by the Company

Nature of business

100%

Uranium Exploration

Uranium Energy Exploration Limited was incorporated on 17 August 2022 in which the Company was issued 1 share
with an aggregate nominal value of £1.
Trade and other receivables

Trade receivables
Intercompany receivables
VAT receivable

Group
As at
As at
31 Oct 2023
31 Oct 2022
£
£
612
14,941
3,366
14,941
3,978

Company
As at
As at
31 Oct 2023
31 Oct 2022
£
£
612
1,174
523
14,941
3,366
16,115
4,501

The Directors consider that the carrying amount of trade and other receivables approximates to their fair value.
All trade and other receivables are denominated in GBP.
Cash and cash equivalents
Group and Company
As at
As at
31 Oct 2023
31 Oct 2022
£
£
9,055
77,224

Cash at bank and on hand

All of the Group’s cash and cash equivalents are at floating rate. The Directors consider that the carrying amount
of cash and cash equivalents approximates to their fair value. All cash held are denominated in GBP. The credit
rating of the institutions where cash is held is A+.

84

Notes to the financial statements (continued)
For the year ended 31 October 2023
Trade and other payables

Trade and other payables
Shares to be issued
Accrued interest on convertible loan
facility
Accrued expenses

Group
As at
As at
31 Oct 2023
31 Oct 2022
£
£
85,964
43,231
125,000
125,000

Company
As at
As at
31 Oct 2023
31 Oct 2022
£
£
85,965
43,232
125,000
125,000

-

2,000

-

2,000

14,175
225,139

44,995
215,226

14,175
225,140

44,995
215,227

The shares to be issued balance is expected to be settled on the Company’s listing on AIM.
The Directors consider that the carrying amount of trade payables approximates to their fair value. All trade and
other payables are denominated in GBP.
Borrowings
Group and Company
As at
As at
31 Oct 2023
31 Oct 2022
£
£
50,000
50,000
14,353
14,000
140,935
10,252
10,000
215,540
74,000

Convertible loan facility
Directors loan
Loan from Power Metal Resources Plc
Other Borrowings

Convertible loan facility
On 12 April 2018, the Group entered into an agreement for a £50,000 facility, by way of an unsecured term
convertible loan facility, bearing interest at 4% per annum and convertible into 10,000,000 ordinary shares
between 12 April 2018 and 12 October 2018. As the loan did not convert, the Group was in default of the loan
facility and the loan plus interest was repayable in cash. The interest continued to accrue at 4% per annum and
£nil (2022: £2,000) was recognised as a finance cost and included within trade and other payables.
The facility was renegotiated on 1 November 2022 and as a result the accumulated interest of £4,893 was written
off and the loan principal of £50,000 is repayable in Company shares on the Company’s listing on AIM. A gain on
the modification of the liability of £4,893 is included within ‘Other gains’ in the consolidated income statement.
Loan from Power Metal Resources Plc
On 1 August 2023, the Group received a cash advance of £50,000 from Power Metal Resources Plc (“Power
Metals”) and on 4 August 2023 the loan was increased by £90,935 as a result of Power Metals settling supplier
invoices on behalf of the Group. The loan is non-interest bearing and is repayable in cash on demand.
Directors loan
On 31 March 2022, The Group received £10,000 from Ben Turney and a further £1,000 and £3,000 on 19 May
2022 and 26 May 2022. Ben Turney ceased to be a director of the Company on 3 November 2022. During the
year ended 31 October 2023, interest of £353 (2022: £nil) was incurred on the loan.

85

Notes to the financial statements (continued)
For the year ended 31 October 2023
Share capital and share premium

Ordinary shares of 0.5p
At 31 October 2022 and 31
October 2023

Number of
shares issued
and fully paid

Share
capital
£

Share
premium
£

Total
£

70,500,000

352,500

1,515,032

1,867,532

Share warrants

Number of
Warrants
At the beginning and end of the year

5,131,269

Exercisable at year end

5,131,269

Group and Company
As at
31 Oct 2023
£
Weighted
average
Number of
exercise price
Warrants
£
0.04
5,131,269
0.04

As at
31 Oct 2022
£
Weighted
average
exercise price
£
0.04

5,131,269

0.04

Movements related to the changes in the share warrants are recognised in retained earnings.
The following warrants are outstanding at the end of the period:
Date granted

Party

Number of warrants

Exercise price

Expiry date

3 December 2014

Jason Drummond

1,710,423

0.03-0.04

3 December 2024

3 December 2014

Oliver Fattal

1,710,423

0.03-0.04

3 December 2024

3 December 2014

Nilesh Jagatia

1,710,423

0.03-0.04

3 December 2024

The warrants are equity instruments recognised at fair value at the date of grant. The fair value of the warrants is
not subsequently remeasured.
Financial instruments
The Group’s and Company’s financial assets comprise investments, trade and other receivables and cash and cash
equivalents.
Management objectives and policies
The Group’s policy is to maximise the after tax return on cash deposits, to take all discounts available from the
settlement of financial liabilities and to offer settlement discounts that result in the early payment of financial
assets, thus minimising credit risk.
Information relating to financial assets and liabilities
Details of the carrying value of the financial assets and liabilities are given in the Statement of Financial Position
and the related notes. The carrying value of these approximate to their fair value. The main risks arising from the
Groups instruments with the continuing operations are interest rate and capital risk management. The policy for
managing these risks is summarised below and will be applied.

86

Notes to the financial statements (continued)
For the year ended 31 October 2023
Financial instruments (continued)
Interest rates
Cash deposits are denominated in sterling and held in interest bearing bank accounts which currently require no
notice and are with recognised clearing banks. The accounts have been selected to achieve the maximum possible
interest rate whilst meeting the Company’s daily working capital requirements and are regularly reviewed. The
interest rates vary with the bank’s base rate.
Categories of financial instruments:
Group
As at
31 Oct 2023
£

Financial assets
Trade and other receivables (excluding
prepayments)
Cash and cash equivalents

Amortised
Cost
£
9,055
9,055

As at
31 Oct 2022
£

Total
£

Amortised
Cost
£

Total
£

9,055
9,055

3,978
77,224
81,202

3,978
77,224
81,202

Group
As at
31 Oct 2023
£

Financial liabilities
Trade and other payables (excluding nonfinancial liabilities)
Borrowings

Amortised
Cost
£
225,139
215,540
440,679

As at
31 Oct 2022
£

Total
£

Amortised
Cost
£

Total
£

225,139
215,540
440,679

215,226
74,000
289,226

215,226
74,000
289,226

Company
As at
31 Oct 2023
£

Financial assets
Trade and other receivables (excluding
prepayments)
Intercompany receivables
Cash and cash equivalents

As at
31 Oct 2022
£

Amortised
Cost
£

Total
£

Amortised
Cost
£

Total
£

1,174
9,055
10,229

1,174
9,055
10,229

3,978
523
77,224
81,725

3,978
523
77,224
81,725

87

Notes to the financial statements (continued)
For the year ended 31 October 2023
Financial instruments (continued)
Company
As at
31 Oct 2023
£

Financial liabilities
Trade and other payables (excluding nonfinancial liabilities)
Borrowings

Amortised
Cost
£
225,140
215,540
440,680

As at
31 Oct 2022
£

Total
£

Amortised
Cost
£

Total
£

225,140
215,540
440,680

215,226
74,000
289,226

215,226
74,000
289,226

Risk management objectives and policies
Capital risk management
The Group’s objectives when managing capital are:
- to safeguard the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern, so that it continues to provide returns and
benefits for shareholders;
- to support growth; and
- to provide capital for the purpose of strengthening the Group’s risk management capability.
The Group actively and regularly reviews and manages its capital structure to ensure an optimal capital structure
and equity holder returns, taking into consideration it’s future capital requirement, capital efficiency, prevailing
and projected profitability, projected operating cash flows, projected capital expenditures and projected strategic
investment opportunities. Management regards total equity as capital and reserves, for capital management
purposes.
The Directors monitors working capital on the basis of the value of its investments and the cash reserve. The
Company is currently largely un-geared. It is the stated strategy of the Group to invest in companies funded through
an equity fundraising or issue of debt instruments.
Credit risk
The Group’s financial instruments that are subject to credit risk are cash and cash equivalents and trade and other
receivables. The credit risk for cash and cash equivalents is considered negligible since the counterparties are
reputable financial institutions. The credit risk for trade and other receivables is not significant for the Group and
for the Company is includes a intercompany balance which is deemed recoverable.
The Group’s maximum exposure to credit risk is £nil (2022: £3,978) comprising cash and cash equivalents and trade
and other receivables. No ECL provision has been recognised as at 31 October 2023 (2022: none) and no financial
assts have been written-off during the year (2022: £nil).
Liquidity risk
Liquidity risk arises from the possibility that the Group might encounter difficulty in settling its debts or otherwise
meeting its obligations related to financial liabilities. The Company manages this risk through maintaining a positive
cash balance and controlling expenses and commitments. The Directors are confident that adequate resources exist
to finance current operations. As at 31 October 2023, all of Group’s and Company’s financial liabilities are repayable
on demand with the exception of shares to be issued and the convertible loan facility which will be settled in
Company shares.

88

Notes to the financial statements (continued)
For the year ended 31 October 2023
Related party transactions
Related parties comprise of key management personnel who are the Directors of the Company.
Keysford Limited, in which Sean Edward Wade is a Director, charged consultancy fees of £36,000 (2022: £8,500).
The amount owed to Keysford Limited at 31 October 2023 was £nil (2022: £nil).
123 Accounting Solutions Limited, in which Mario Visconti is a Director, charged consultancy fees of £21,000 (2022:
£3,000). The amount owed to 123 Accounting Solutions Limited at 31 October 2023 was £1,800 (2022: £3,000).
Post year-end events
None
Ultimate controlling party
The Directors do not consider there to be an ultimate controlling party.

89

PART III
(B)
Historical Financial Information of The Smarter Web Company Limited for the Year Ended 31
December 2024

Registered number: 07113945
THE SMARTER WEB COMPANY LIMITED
DIRECTORS' REPORT AND
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024

90

The Smarter Web Company Limited
Company Information
For The Year Ended 31 December 2024
Directors

Mr Andrew Webley
Mrs Joanna Webley

Company Number

07113945

Registered Office

19 Viburnum Road
Almondsbury
Bristol
BS32 4DH

Accountants

Whittock Consulting Limited
Unit 4 Corum 2 Corum Office Park Crown Way
Warmley
Bristol
BS30 8FJ

Auditors

HJS (Reading) Limited
3 Richfield Place
Reading
Berkshire
RG1 8EQ

91

The Smarter Web Company Limited
Company No. 07113945
Directors' Report For The Year Ended 31 December 2024
The directors present their report and the financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2024.
Directors
The directors who held office during the year were as follows:
Mr Andrew Webley
Mrs Joanna Webley
Statement of Directors' Responsibilities
The directors are responsible for preparing the Directors' Report and the financial statements in
accordance with applicable law and regulations.
Company law requires the directors to prepare financial statements for each financial year. Under
that law the directors have elected to prepare the financial statements in accordance with United
Kingdom Generally Accepted Accounting Practice (United Kingdom Accounting Standards and
applicable law). Under company law the directors must not approve the financial statements unless
they are satisfied that they give a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the company and of the
profit or loss of the company for that period. In preparing the financial statements the directors are
required to:
•
•
•

select suitable accounting policies and then apply them consistently;
make judgments and accounting estimates that are reasonable and prudent;
prepare the financial statements on the going concern basis unless it is inappropriate to
presume that the company will continue in business.

The directors are responsible for keeping adequate accounting records that are sufficient to show and
explain the company's transactions and disclose with reasonable accuracy at any time the financial
position of the company and enable them to ensure that the financial statements comply with the
Companies Act 2006. They are also responsible for safeguarding the assets of the company and hence
for taking reasonable steps for the prevention and detection of fraud and other irregularities.
The directors are responsible for the maintenance and integrity of the corporate and financial
information included on the company's website. Legislation in the United Kingdom governing the
preparation and dissemination of financial statements may differ from legislation in other
jurisdictions.
Statement of Disclosure of Information to Auditors
In the case of each director in office at the date the Directors' Report is approved:
•
•

so far as the director is aware, there is no relevant audit information of which the company's
auditors are unaware; and
they have taken all the steps that they ought to have taken as directors in order to make
themselves aware of any relevant audit information and to establish that the company's
auditors are aware of that information.
92

Small Company Rules
This report has been prepared in accordance with the special provisions relating to companies subject
to the small companies regime within Part 15 of the Companies Act 2006.
On behalf of the board
Mr Andrew Webley
Director
25/02/2025

93

Independent Auditor's Report
to the Members of
The Smarter Web Company Limited

Opinion
We have audited the financial statements of The Smarter Web Company Limited for the year ended
31 December 2024 which comprise the statement of comprehensive income. the balance sheet and
notes to the financial statements, including significant accounting policies. The financial reporting
framework that has been applied in their preparation is applicable law and United Kingdom
Accounting Standards, including Financial Reporting Standard 102 "The Financial Reporting Standard
applicable in the UK and Republic of Ireland (United Kingdom Generally Accepted Accounting
Practice)".
In our opinion the financial statements:
•
•
•

give a true and fair view of the state of the company's affairs as at 31 December 2024 and of
its profit/(loss) for the year then ended;
have been properly prepared in accordance with United Kingdom Generally Accepted
Accounting Practice; and
have been prepared in accordance with the requirements of the Companies Act 2006.

Basis for Opinion
We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (UK) (ISAs (UK) and
applicable law. Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor's
responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements section of our report. We are independent of
the company in accordance with the ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of the financial
statements in the UK, including the FRC's Ethical Standard, and we have fulfilled our other ethical
responsibilities in accordance with these requirements. We believe that the audit evidence we have
obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.
Conclusions Relating to Going Concern
In auditing the financial statements, we have concluded that the directors' use of the going concern
basis of accounting in the preparation of the financial statements is appropriate.
Based on the work we have performed, we have not identified any material uncertainties relating to
events or conditions that, individually or collectively, may cast significant doubt on the company's
ability to continue as a going concern for a period of at least 12 months from when the financial
statements are authorised for issue.
Our responsibilities and the responsibilities of the directors with respect to going concern are
described in the relevant sections of this report.
Other Information
The directors are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the
information included in the annual report, other than the financial statements and our auditor’s
report thereon. Our opinion on the financial statements does not cover the other information and,
94

except to the extent otherwise explicitly stated in our report, we do not express any form of assurance
conclusion thereon.
Our responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing so, consider whether the other
information is materially inconsistent with the financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the
audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If we identify such material inconsistencies or
apparent material misstatements, we are required to determine whether there is a material
misstatement in the financial statements or a material misstatement of the other information. If,
based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this
other information, we are required to
report that fact.
We have nothing to report in this regard.
Opinions on Other Matters Prescribed by the Companies Act 2006
In our opinion, based on the work undertaken in the course of the audit:
•
•

the information given in the Directors' Report for the financial year for which the financial
statements are prepared is consistent with the financial statements; and
the Directors' Report have been prepared in accordance with applicable legal requirements.

95

Independent Auditor's Report (continued)
to the Members of
The Smarter Web Company Limited

Matters on Which We Are Required to Report by Exception
In the light of the knowledge and understanding of the company and its environment obtained in the
course of the audit, we have not identified material misstatements in the Directors' Report.
We have nothing to report in respect of the following matters in relation to which the Companies Act
2006 requires us to report to you if, in our opinion:
•
•
•
•

adequate accounting records have not been kept, or returns adequate for our audit have not
been received from branches not visited by us; or
the financial statements are not in agreement with the accounting records or returns; or
certain disclosures of directors' remuneration specified by law are not made; or
we have not received all the information and explanations we require for our audit.

Responsibilities of Directors
As explained more fully in the Directors' Responsibilities Statement set out on page 2, the directors
are responsible for the preparation of the financial statements and for being satisfied that they give a
true and fair view, and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the
preparation of financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud
or error.
In preparing the financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the company's ability
to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using
the going concern basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the company or
to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.
Auditor's Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole
are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor's report
that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee
that an audit conducted in accordance with ISAs (UK) will always detect a material misstatement when
it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in
the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken
on the basis of these financial statements.
The extent to which our procedures are capable of detecting irregularities, including fraud is detailed
below:
Because of the inherent limitations of an audit, there is a risk that we will not detect all irregularities,
including those leading to a material misstatement in the financial statements or non-compliance with
regulation. This risk increases the more that compliance with a law or regulation is removed from the
events and transactions reflected in the financial statements, as we will be less likely to become aware
of instances of non-compliance. The risk is also greater regarding irregularities occurring due to fraud
96

rather than error, as fraud involves intentional concealment, forgery, collusion, omission or
misrepresentation.
Irregularities, including fraud, are instances of non-compliance with laws and regulations. We design
procedures in line with our responsibilities, outlined above, to detect material misstatements in
respect of irregularities, including fraud. The extent to which our procedures are capable of detecting
irregularities, including fraud, is detailed below.
Based on our understanding of the company and industry, we identified that the principal risks of noncompliance with laws and regulations related to breaches of UK regulatory principles, such as those
governed by the relevant construction authorities. We also considered the laws and regulations which
have a direct impact on the financial statements such as the Companies Act 2006.
We evaluated management's incentives and opportunities for fraudulent manipulation of the financial
statements (including the risk of override of controls), and determined that the principal risks were
related to management bias in accounting estimates and judgmental areas of the financial
statements.
Audit procedures performed by the audit engagement team included:
· Discussions with senior management, including consideration of known or suspected instances of
noncompliance with laws and regulations or instances of fraud;
· Identifying and testing journal entries based on risk criteria;
· Designing audit procedures to incorporate unpredictability around the nature, timing or extent of
our testing;
· Testing transactions entered into outside of the normal course of the company's business;
· Reviewing any potential litigation or claims against the entity which indicate any potential
noncompliance issues.
There are inherent limitations in the audit procedures described above. We are less likely to become
aware of instances of non-compliance with laws and regulations that are not closely related to events
and transactions reflected in the financial statements. Also, the risk of not detecting a material
misstatement due to fraud is higher than the risk of not detecting one resulting from error, as fraud
may involve deliberate concealment by, for example, forgery or intentional misrepresentations, or
though collusion.

A further description of our responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements is located on the
Financial Reporting Council's website www.frc.org.uk/auditorsresponsibilities. This description forms
part of our auditor's report.

97

Independent Auditor's Report (continued)
to the Members of
The Smarter Web Company Limited

Use Of Our Report
This report is made solely to the company's members, in accordance with Chapter 3 of Part 16 of the
Companies Act 2006. Our audit work has been undertaken so that we might state to the company's
members those matters that we are required to state to them in an auditor's report and for no other
purpose. To the fullest extent permitted by law, we do not accept or assume responsibility to anyone
other than the company and the company's member, for our audit work, for this report, or for the
opinions we have formed.
Mark Rogers FCCA (Senior
Statutory Auditor)
for and on behalf of HJS
(Reading) Limited , Statutory
Auditor
25/02/2025
HJS (Reading) Limited
3 Richfield Place
Reading
Berkshire
RG1 8EQ

98

The Smarter Web Company Limited
Profit and Loss Account
For The Year Ended 31 December 2024
2024
£

2023
£

TURNOVER
Cost of sales

203,669
(12,643 )

155,553
(14,482 )

GROSS PROFIT

191,026

141,071

(144,335 )
172
(5,556 )

(72,492 )
120
(11,581 )

OPERATING PROFIT
Loss on disposal of current asset investments
Other interest receivable and similar income
Interest payable and similar charges

41,307
(10,999)
88
(490 )

57,118
66
(739 )

PROFIT BEFORE TAXATION
Tax on Profit

29,906
(7,136 )

56,445
(14,984 )

PROFIT AFTER TAXATION BEING PROFIT FOR THE
FINANCIAL YEAR

22,770

41,461

Notes

Administrative expenses
Other operating income
Fair value losses on investments

The notes on pages 8 to 10 form part of these financial statements.

99

The Smarter Web Company Limited
Balance Sheet
As At 31 December 2024
2024
Notes
FIXED ASSETS
Tangible Assets

CURRENT ASSETS
Debtors
Investments
Cash at bank and in hand

Creditors: Amounts Falling Due
Within One Year

£

4

5
6

7

2023
£

£

£

41,598

4,529

41,598

4,529

747
83,965
46,279

627
48,349
5,874

130,991

54,850

(43,358 )

(29,877 )

NET CURRENT ASSETS (LIABILITIES)

87,633

24,973

TOTAL ASSETS LESS CURRENT
LIABILITIES

129,231

29,502

(74,100 )

(14,167 )

PROVISIONS FOR LIABILITIES
Deferred Taxation

(7,904 )

(861 )

NET ASSETS

47,227

14,474

800
46,427

800
(29,983 )
43,657

Creditors: Amounts Falling Due
After More Than One Year

CAPITAL AND RESERVES
Called up share capital
Fair value reserve
Profit and Loss Account

8

10

100

SHAREHOLDERS' FUNDS

47,227

14,474

These accounts have been prepared in accordance with the provisions applicable to companies
subject to the small companies regime.
On behalf of the board
Mr Andrew Webley
Director
25/02/2025
The notes on pages 8 to 10 form part of these financial statements.

101

The Smarter Web Company Limited
Notes to the Financial Statements
For The Year Ended 31 December 2024

1. General Information
The Smarter Web Company Limited is a private company, limited by shares, incorporated in England
& Wales, registered number 07113945 . The registered office is 19 Viburnum Road, Almondsbury,
Bristol, BS32 4DH.
2. Accounting Policies
2.1. Basis of Preparation of Financial Statements
The financial statements have been prepared under the historical cost convention and in
accordance with Financial Reporting Standard 102 section 1A Small Entities "The Financial
Reporting Standard applicable in the UK and Republic of Ireland" and the Companies Act 2006.
2.2. Going Concern Disclosure
The directors have not identified any material uncertainties related to events or conditions that
may cast significant doubt about the company's ability to continue as a going concern.
2.3. Turnover
Turnover is measured at the fair value of the consideration received or receivable, net of discounts
and value added taxes. Turnover includes revenue earned from the sale of goods and from the
rendering of services. Turnover is reduced for estimated customer returns, rebates and other
similar allowances.
Rendering of services
Turnover from the rendering of services is recognised by reference to the stage of completion of
the contract. The stage of completion of a contract is measured by comparing the costs incurred
for work performed to date to the total estimated contract costs. Turnover is only recognised to
the extent of recoverable expenses when the outcome of a contract cannot be estimated reliably.
2.4. Tangible Fixed Assets and Depreciation
Tangible fixed assets are measured at cost less accumulated depreciation and any accumulated
impairment losses. Depreciation is provided at rates calculated to write off the cost of the fixed
assets, less their estimated residual value, over their expected useful lives on the following bases:
Plant & Machinery
10% Straight Line Method
Motor Vehicles
over 3 years
Fixtures & Fittings
10% Straight Line Method
Computer Equipment
10% Straight Line Method
2.5. Leasing and Hire Purchase Contracts
Assets obtained under finance leases are capitalised as tangible fixed assets. Assets acquired under
finance leases are depreciated over the shorter of the lease term and their useful lives. Assets
acquired under hire purchase contracts are depreciated over their useful lives. Finance leases are
those where substantially all of the benefits and risks of ownership are assumed by the company.
102

Obligations under such agreements are included in the creditors net of the finance charge allocated
to future periods. The finance element of the rental payment is charged to the profit and loss
account so as to produce a constant periodic rate of charge on the net obligation outstanding in
each period.
Rentals applicable to operating leases where substantially all of the benefits and risks of ownership
remain with the lessor are charged to profit and loss account as incurred.
2.6. Taxation
Income tax expense represents the sum of the tax currently payable and deferred tax.
The tax currently payable is based on taxable profit for the year. Taxable profit differs from profit
as reported in the statement of comprehensive income because of items of income or expense
that are taxable or deductible in other years and items that are never taxable or deductible. The
company's liability for current tax is calculated using tax rates that have been enacted or
substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period.
Deferred tax is recognised on timing differences between the carrying amounts of assets and
liabilities in the financial statements and the corresponding tax bases used in the computation of
taxable profit. Deferred tax liabilities are generally recognised for all taxable timing differences.
Deferred tax assets are generally recognised for all deductible temporary differences to the extent
that it is probable that taxable profits will be available against which those deductible timing
differences can be utilised. The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the end of
each reporting period and reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable
profits will be available to allow all or part of the asset to be recovered.

103

The Smarter Web Company Limited
Notes to the Financial Statements (continued)
For The Year Ended 31 December 2024
2.6. Taxation - continued
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply in the
period in which the liability is settled or the asset realised, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that
have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period. Deferred tax
liabilities are presented within provisions for liabilities and deferred tax assets within debtors. The
measurement of deferred tax liabilities and assets reflect the tax consequences that would follow
from the manner in which the Company expects, at the end of the reporting period, to recover or
settle the carrying amount of its assets and liabilities.
Current and deferred tax are recognised in profit or loss for the year, except when they relate to
items that are recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, in which case
current and deferred tax are recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity
respectively.
3. Average Number of Employees
Average number of employees, including directors, during the year was: 2 (2023: 2)
4. Tangible Assets
Plant &
Machinery
£

Motor
Vehicles
£

Fixtures &
Fittings
£

Cost
As at 1 January 2024
Additions

34,260
-

46,792

8,464
6,725

42,724
53,517

As at 31 December 2024

34,260

46,792

15,189

96,241

Depreciation
As at 1 January 2024
Provided during the period

34,260
-

15,596

3,935
852

38,195
16,448

As at 31 December 2024

34,260

15,596

4,787

54,643

Net Book Value
As at 31 December 2024

-

31,196

10,402

41,598

As at 1 January 2024

-

-

4,529

4,529

104

Total
£

5. Debtors
2024
£
Due within one year
Trade debtors
Prepayments and accrued income

2023
£

747

627
-

747

627

2024
£
83,965

2023
£
48,349

6. Current Asset Investments

Other investments, held for sale

Current asset investments are shown at fair value based on the information available to company
directors.

105

The Smarter Web Company Limited
Notes to the Financial Statements (continued)
For The Year Ended 31 December 2024

7. Creditors: Amounts Falling Due Within One Year

Net obligations under finance lease and hire purchase contracts
Bank loans and overdrafts
Corporation tax
VAT
Accruals and deferred income
Directors' loan accounts

2024
£
9,212
26,917
36
5,868
366
959

2023
£

43,358

29,877

2024
£
36,100
38,000

2023
£

74,100

14,167

2024
£

2023
£

10,000
14,057
5,298
366
156

8. Creditors: Amounts Falling Due After More Than One Year

Net obligations under finance lease and hire purchase contracts
Bank loans

14,167

9. Obligations Under Finance Leases and Hire Purchase

The future minimum finance lease payments are as follows:
Not later than one year
Later than one year and not later than five years

9,212
36,100

-

45,312

-

45,312

-

10. Share Capital
2024
106

2023

£
Allotted, Called up and fully paid

£
800

800

11. Dividends

On equity shares:
Final dividend paid

2024
£

2023
£

20,000

33,000

12. Post Balance Sheet Events
Since the reporting date the directors have entered into negotiations to sell the company to a PLC.
The sale is expected to be completed in February 2025.
13. Ultimate Controlling Party
The ultimate controlling party is Andrew Webley and Joanna Webley.

107

The Smarter Web Company Limited
Trading Profit and Loss Account
For The Year Ended 31 December 2024
2024
£
TURNOVER
Sales

2023
£

£

203,669

COST OF SALES
Domains
Rackspace

4,978
7,665

GROSS PROFIT
Administrative Expenses
Directors' fees
Wages and salaries
Employers pensions - defined contributions
scheme
Staff training
Staff welfare
Travel and subsistence expenses
Use of private residence
Computer and IT consumables
Insurance
Printing, postage and stationery
Advertising and marketing costs
Telecommunications and data costs
Accountancy fees
Legal fees
Subscriptions
Bank charges
Depreciation
Entertaining
Sundry expenses

108

£

155,553

1,166
13,316
(12,643 )

(14,482 )

191,026

141,071

35,628
30,389

7,776
37,800

43,700

18,700

1,645
38
363
312
2,904
200
463
10
854
1,573
13
161
1,194
16,448
2,099
6,341

332
312
1,617
357
406
759
1,464
13
86
291
740
1,328
511

(144,335 )
Other Operating Income
Other income - contributing to other operating
income

172

(72,492 )

120

172
Fair value losses on investments

(5,556 )

OPERATING PROFIT
Loss on disposal of unlisted current asset
investments

120
(11,581 )

(5,556 )

(11,581 )

41,307

57,118

(10,999)

-

(10,999)
Other interest receivable and similar income
Other interest receivable type A

88

66
88

109

-

66

The Smarter Web Company Limited
Trading Profit and Loss Account (continued)
For The Year Ended 31 December 2024

Interest payable and similar charges
Bank interest payable

490

PROFIT BEFORE TAXATION

Tax on Profit
Corporation tax charge
Deferred taxation

739
(490)

(739)

29,906

56,445

93
7,043

PROFIT AFTER TAXATION BEING PROFIT FOR THE
FINANCIAL YEAR

110

14,123
861
(7,136)

(14,984)

22,770

41,461

PART III
(C)

Historical Financial Information of The Smarter Web Company Limited for the Year Ended 31
December 2023

Registered number: 07113945
THE SMARTER WEB COMPANY LIMITED
REVISED
DIRECTORS' REPORT AND
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023

111

The Smarter Web Company Limited
Company Information
For The Year Ended 31 December 2023
Directors

Mr Andrew Webley
Mrs Joanna Webley

Company Number

07113945

Registered Office

19 Viburnum Road
Almondsbury
Bristol
BS32 4DH

Accountants

Whittock Consulting Limited
Unit 4 Corum 2 Corum Office Park Crown Way
Warmley
Bristol
BS30 8FJ

Auditors

HJS (Reading) Limited
3 Richfield Place
Reading
Berkshire
RG1 8EQ

112

The Smarter Web Company Limited
Company No. 07113945
Directors' Report For The Year Ended 31 December 2023
The directors present their report and the financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023.
Directors
The directors who held office during the year were as follows:
Mr Andrew Webley
Mrs Joanna Webley
Statement of Directors' Responsibilities
The directors are responsible for preparing the Directors' Report and the financial statements in
accordance with applicable law and regulations.
Company law requires the directors to prepare financial statements for each financial year. Under
that law the directors have elected to prepare the financial statements in accordance with United
Kingdom Generally Accepted Accounting Practice (United Kingdom Accounting Standards and
applicable law). Under company law the directors must not approve the financial statements unless
they are satisfied that they give a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the company and of the
profit or loss of the company for that period. In preparing the financial statements the directors are
required to:
•
•
•

select suitable accounting policies and then apply them consistently;
make judgments and accounting estimates that are reasonable and prudent;
prepare the financial statements on the going concern basis unless it is inappropriate to
presume that the company will continue in business.

The directors are responsible for keeping adequate accounting records that are sufficient to show and
explain the company's transactions and disclose with reasonable accuracy at any time the financial
position of the company and enable them to ensure that the financial statements comply with the
Companies Act 2006. They are also responsible for safeguarding the assets of the company and hence
for taking reasonable steps for the prevention and detection of fraud and other irregularities.
The directors are responsible for the maintenance and integrity of the corporate and financial
information included on the company's website. Legislation in the United Kingdom governing the
preparation and dissemination of financial statements may differ from legislation in other
jurisdictions.
Statement of Disclosure of Information to Auditors
In the case of each director in office at the date the Directors' Report is approved:
•
•

so far as the director is aware, there is no relevant audit information of which the company's
auditors are unaware; and
they have taken all the steps that they ought to have taken as directors in order to make
themselves aware of any relevant audit information and to establish that the company's
auditors are aware of that information.

113

Small Company Rules
This report has been prepared in accordance with the special provisions relating to companies subject
to the small companies regime within Part 15 of the Companies Act 2006.
On behalf of the board
Mr Andrew Webley
Director
25/02/2025

114

Independent Auditor's Report
to the Members of
The Smarter Web Company Limited

Opinion
We have audited the revised financial statements of The Smarter Web Company Limited for the year
ended 31 December 2023 which comprise the statement of comprehensive income, the balance sheet
and notes to the financial statements, including significant accounting policies. The financial reporting
framework that has been applied in their preparation is applicable law and United Kingdom
Accounting Standards, including Financial Reporting Standard 102 "The Financial Reporting Standard
applicable in the UK and Republic of Ireland (United Kingdom Generally Accepted Accounting
Practice)". These revised financial statements replace the original financial statements approved by
the directors on 25 February 2025.
The revised financial statements have been prepared in accordance with The Companies (Revision of
Defective Accounts and Reports) Regulations 2008 and as such do not consider events which have
taken place after the date on which the original financial statements were approved.
In our opinion the revised financial statements:
•
•
•

give a true and fair view of the state of the company's affairs as at 31 December 2023 and of
its profit/(loss) for the year then ended;
have been properly prepared in accordance with United Kingdom Generally Accepted
Accounting Practice applicable to smaller entities; and
have been prepared in accordance with the requirements of the Companies Act 2006 as they
have effect under the Companies (Revision of Defective Accounts and Reports) Regulations
2008.

Basis for Opinion
We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (UK) (ISAs (UK) and
applicable law. Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor's
responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements section of our report. We are independent of
the company in accordance with the ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of the financial
statements in the UK, including the FRC's Ethical Standard, and we have fulfilled our other ethical
responsibilities in accordance with these requirements. We believe that the audit evidence we have
obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.
Conclusions Relating to Going Concern
In auditing the financial statements, we have concluded that the directors' use of the going concern
basis of accounting in the preparation of the financial statements is appropriate.
Based on the work we have performed, we have not identified any material uncertainties relating to
events or conditions that, individually or collectively, may cast significant doubt on the company's
ability to continue as a going concern for a period of at least 12 months from when the financial
statements are authorised for issue.
115

Our responsibilities and the responsibilities of the directors with respect to going concern are
described in the relevant sections of this report.
Other Information
The directors are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the
information included in the annual report, other than the financial statements and our auditor’s
report thereon. Our opinion on the financial statements does not cover the other information and,
except to the extent otherwise explicitly stated in our report, we do not express any form of assurance
conclusion thereon.
Our responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing so, consider whether the other
information is materially inconsistent with the financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the
audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If we identify such material inconsistencies or
apparent material misstatements, we are required to determine whether there is a material
misstatement in the financial statements or a material misstatement of the other information. If,
based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this
other information, we are required to report that fact.
We have nothing to report in this regard.
Opinions on Other Matters Prescribed by the Companies Act 2006
In our opinion, based on the work undertaken in the course of the audit:
•
•

the information given in the Directors' Report for the financial year for which the financial
statements are prepared is consistent with the financial statements; and
the Directors' Report have been prepared in accordance with applicable legal requirements.

116

Independent Auditor's Report (continued)
to the Members of
The Smarter Web Company Limited

Matters on Which We Are Required to Report by Exception
In the light of the knowledge and understanding of the company and its environment obtained in the
course of the audit, we have not identified material misstatements in the Directors' Report.
We have nothing to report in respect of the following matters in relation to which the Companies Act
2006 requires us to report to you if, in our opinion:
•
•
•
•

adequate accounting records have not been kept, or returns adequate for our audit have not
been received from branches not visited by us; or
the financial statements are not in agreement with the accounting records or returns; or
certain disclosures of directors' remuneration specified by law are not made; or
we have not received all the information and explanations we require for our audit.

Responsibilities of Directors
As explained more fully in the Directors' Responsibilities Statement, the directors are responsible for
the preparation of the financial statements and for being satisfied that they give a true and fair view,
and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of
financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
In preparing the financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the company's ability
to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using
the going concern basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the company or
to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.
Auditor's Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole
are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor's report
that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee
that an audit conducted in accordance with ISAs (UK) will always detect a material misstatement when
it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in
the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken
on the basis of these financial statements.
The extent to which our procedures are capable of detecting irregularities, including fraud is detailed
below:
Because of the inherent limitations of an audit, there is a risk that we will not detect all irregularities,
including those leading to a material misstatement in the financial statements or non-compliance with
regulation. This risk increases the more that compliance with a law or regulation is removed from the
events and transactions reflected in the financial statements, as we will be less likely to become aware
117

of instances of non-compliance. The risk is also greater regarding irregularities occurring due to fraud
rather than error, as fraud involves intentional concealment, forgery, collusion, omission or
misrepresentation.
Irregularities, including fraud, are instances of non-compliance with laws and regulations. We design
procedures in line with our responsibilities, outlined above, to detect material misstatements in
respect of irregularities, including fraud. The extent to which our procedures are capable of detecting
irregularities, including fraud, is detailed below.
Based on our understanding of the company and industry, we identified that the principal risks of noncompliance with laws and regulations related to breaches of UK regulatory principles, such as those
governed by the relevant construction authorities. We also considered the laws and regulations which
have a direct impact on the financial statements such as the Companies Act 2006.
We evaluated management's incentives and opportunities for fraudulent manipulation of the financial
statements (including the risk of override of controls), and determined that the principal risks were
related to management bias in accounting estimates and judgmental areas of the financial
statements.
Audit procedures performed by the audit engagement team included:
· Discussions with senior management, including consideration of known or suspected instances of
noncompliance with laws and regulations or instances of fraud;
· Identifying and testing journal entries based on risk criteria;
· Designing audit procedures to incorporate unpredictability around the nature, timing or extent of
our testing;
· Testing transactions entered into outside of the normal course of the company's business;
· Reviewing any potential litigation or claims against the entity which indicate any potential
noncompliance issues.
There are inherent limitations in the audit procedures described above. We are less likely to become
aware of instances of non-compliance with laws and regulations that are not closely related to events
and transactions reflected in the financial statements. Also, the risk of not detecting a material
misstatement due to fraud is higher than the risk of not detecting one resulting from error, as fraud
may involve deliberate concealment by, for example, forgery or intentional misrepresentations, or
though collusion.

A further description of our responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements is located on the
Financial Reporting Council's website www.frc.org.uk/auditorsresponsibilities. This description forms
part of our auditor's report.

118

Independent Auditor's Report (continued)
to the Members of
The Smarter Web Company Limited

Use Of Our Report
This report is made solely to the company's members in accordance with Chapter 3 of Part 16 of the
Companies Act 2006. Our audit work has been undertaken so that we might state to the company's
members those matters that we are required to state to them in an auditor's report and for no other
purpose. To the fullest extent permitted by law, we do not accept or assume responsibility to anyone
other than the company and the company's members, for our audit work, for this report, or for the
opinions we have formed.
Mark Rogers FCCA (Senior
Statutory Auditor)
for and on behalf of HJS
(Reading) Limited , Statutory
Auditor
25/02/2025
HJS (Reading) Limited
3 Richfield Place
Reading
Berkshire
RG1 8EQ

119

The Smarter Web Company Limited
Profit and Loss Account
For The Year Ended 31 December 2023
2023
£

2022
£

TURNOVER
Cost of sales

155,553
(14,482 )

172,062
(16,675 )

GROSS PROFIT

141,071

155,387

Administrative expenses
Other operating income
Fair value losses on investments

(72,492 )
120
(11,581 )

(50,146 )
139
(18,402 )

57,118
66
(739 )

86,978
(1,020 )

56,445
(14,984 )

85,958
(18,487 )

41,461

67,471

Notes

OPERATING PROFIT
Other interest receivable and similar income
Interest payable and similar charges
PROFIT BEFORE TAXATION
Tax on Profit
PROFIT AFTER TAXATION BEING PROFIT FOR THE
FINANCIAL YEAR
The notes on pages 8 to 10 form part of these financial statements.

120

The Smarter Web Company Limited
Balance Sheet
As At 31 December 2023
2023
Notes
FIXED ASSETS
Tangible Assets

CURRENT ASSETS
Debtors
Investments
Cash at bank and in hand

Creditors: Amounts Falling Due
Within One Year

£

5

6
7

8

2022
£

£

£

4,529

3,899

4,529

3,899

627
48,349
5,874

1,944
55,430
3,659

54,850

61,033

(29,877 )

(24,752 )

NET CURRENT ASSETS (LIABILITIES)

24,973

36,281

TOTAL ASSETS LESS CURRENT
LIABILITIES

29,502

40,180

(14,167 )

(34,167 )

PROVISIONS FOR LIABILITIES
Deferred Taxation

(861 )

-

NET ASSETS

14,474

6,013

800
(29,983 )
43,657

800
(18,402 )
23,615

Creditors: Amounts Falling Due
After More Than One Year

CAPITAL AND RESERVES
Called up share capital
Fair value reserve
Profit and Loss Account

9

10
12

121

SHAREHOLDERS' FUNDS

14,474

6,013

These accounts have been prepared in accordance with the provisions applicable to companies
subject to the small companies regime.
On behalf of the board
25/02/2025
The notes on pages 8 to 10 form part of these financial statements.

122

The Smarter Web Company Limited
Notes to the Financial Statements
For The Year Ended 31 December 2023

1. Revision by Replacement
The financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023 have been revised.
These financial statements:
•
•
•

replace the original financial statements;
are now the statutory financial statements;
have been prepared as at the date of the original financial statements, and not as at the date
of the revision and accordingly do not deal with events between those dates.

There are no significant amendments to the original accounts.
2. General Information
The Smarter Web Company Limited is a private company, limited by shares, incorporated in England
& Wales, registered number 07113945 . The registered office is 19 Viburnum Road, Almondsbury,
Bristol, BS32 4DH.
3. Accounting Policies
3.1. Basis of Preparation of Financial Statements
The financial statements have been prepared under the historical cost convention and in
accordance with Financial Reporting Standard 102 section 1A Small Entities "The Financial
Reporting Standard applicable in the UK and Republic of Ireland" and the Companies Act 2006.
3.2. Going Concern Disclosure
The directors have not identified any material uncertainties related to events or conditions that
may cast significant doubt about the company's ability to continue as a going concern.
3.3. Turnover
Turnover is measured at the fair value of the consideration received or receivable, net of discounts
and value added taxes. Turnover includes revenue earned from the sale of goods and from the
rendering of services. Turnover is reduced for estimated customer returns, rebates and other
similar allowances.
Rendering of services
Turnover from the rendering of services is recognised by reference to the stage of completion of
the contract. The stage of completion of a contract is measured by comparing the costs incurred
for work performed to date to the total estimated contract costs. Turnover is only recognised to
the extent of recoverable expenses when the outcome of a contract cannot be estimated reliably.
3.4. Tangible Fixed Assets and Depreciation
Tangible fixed assets are measured at cost less accumulated depreciation and any accumulated
impairment losses. Depreciation is provided at rates calculated to write off the cost of the fixed
assets, less their estimated residual value, over their expected useful lives on the following bases:
123

Plant & Machinery
Fixtures & Fittings
Computer Equipment

10% Straight Line Method
10% Straight Line Method
10% Straight Line Method

3.5. Taxation
Income tax expense represents the sum of the tax currently payable and deferred tax.
The tax currently payable is based on taxable profit for the year. Taxable profit differs from profit
as reported in the statement of comprehensive income because of items of income or expense
that are taxable or deductible in other years and items that are never taxable or deductible. The
company's liability for current tax is calculated using tax rates that have been enacted or
substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period.
Deferred tax is recognised on timing differences between the carrying amounts of assets and
liabilities in the financial statements and the corresponding tax bases used in the computation of
taxable profit. Deferred tax liabilities are generally recognised for all taxable timing differences.
Deferred tax assets are generally recognised for all deductible temporary differences to the extent
that it is probable that taxable profits will be available against which those deductible timing
differences can be utilised. The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the end of
each reporting period and reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable
profits will be available to allow all or part of the asset to be recovered.

124

The Smarter Web Company Limited
Notes to the Financial Statements (continued)
For The Year Ended 31 December 2023
3.5. Taxation - continued
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply in the
period in which the liability is settled or the asset realised, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that
have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period. Deferred tax
liabilities are presented within provisions for liabilities and deferred tax assets within debtors. The
measurement of deferred tax liabilities and assets reflect the tax consequences that would follow
from the manner in which the Company expects, at the end of the reporting period, to recover or
settle the carrying amount of its assets and liabilities.
Current or deferred tax for the year is recognised in profit or loss, except when they related to
items that are recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, in which case, the
current and deferred tax is also recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity
respectively.
4. Average Number of Employees
Average number of employees, including directors, during the year was: 2 (2022: 2)
5. Tangible Assets
Plant & Fixtures &
Machinery Fittings
£
£

Total
£

Cost
As at 1 January 2023
Additions

34,260
-

7,093
1,371

41,353
1,371

As at 31 December 2023

34,260

8,464

42,724

Depreciation
As at 1 January 2023
Provided during the period

34,260
-

3,194
741

37,454
741

As at 31 December 2023

34,260

3,935

38,195

Net Book Value
As at 31 December 2023

-

4,529

4,529

As at 1 January 2023

-

3,899

3,899

125

6. Debtors
2023
£
Due within one year
Trade debtors
Prepayments and accrued income

2022
£

627
-

1,944

627

1,944

2023
£
48,349

2022
£
55,430

7. Current Asset Investments

Other investments, held for sale

Current asset investments are shown at fair value based on the information available to company
directors.

126

The Smarter Web Company Limited
Notes to the Financial Statements (continued)
For The Year Ended 31 December 2023

8. Creditors: Amounts Falling Due Within One Year

Bank loans and overdrafts
Corporation tax
VAT
Accruals and deferred income
Directors' loan accounts

2023
£
10,000
14,057
5,298
366
156

2022
£

29,877

24,752

2023
£
14,167

2022
£
34,167

2023
£
800

2022
£
800

2023
£

2022
£

33,000

76,900

20,948
3,284
366
154

9. Creditors: Amounts Falling Due After More Than One Year

Bank loans

10. Share Capital

Allotted, Called up and fully paid
11. Dividends

On equity shares:
Final dividend paid
12. Reserves

Fair Value
Reserve
£
(18,402 )
(11,581)

As at 1 January 2023
Movements in fair value reserve
127

As at 31 December 2023

(29,983 )

13. Ultimate Controlling Party
The ultimate controlling party is Andrew Webley and Joanna Webley.

128

The Smarter Web Company Limited
Trading Profit and Loss Account
For The Year Ended 31 December 2023
2023
£
TURNOVER
Sales

2022
£

£

£

155,553

COST OF SALES
Domains
Rackspace
Backlinks
SSL

1,166
13,316
-

GROSS PROFIT
Administrative Expenses
Directors' salaries
Directors' fees
Wages and salaries
Employers pensions - defined contributions
scheme
Staff training
Travel and subsistence expenses
Repairs and maintenance
Cleaning
Use of private residence
Computer and IT consumables
Printing, postage and stationery
Advertising and marketing costs
Telecommunications and data costs
Accountancy fees
Legal fees
Consultancy fees
Subscriptions
Bank charges
129

172,062

2,528
13,510
455
182
(14,482 )

(16,675 )

141,071

155,387

7,776
37,800

1,000
5,832
36,101

18,700

-

332
312
1,617
357
406
759
1,464
13
86
291

103
242
265
160
312
1,235
204
404
709
1,451
13
621
35
279

Depreciation
Entertaining
Sundry expenses

740
1,328
511

709
302
169
(72,492 )

Other Operating Income
Other income - contributing to other operating
income

120

(50,146 )

139

120
Fair value losses on investments

(11,581 )

OPERATING PROFIT
Other interest receivable and similar income
Other interest receivable type A

(18,402 )
(11,581 )

(18,402 )

57,118

86,978

66

66

130

139

...CONTINUED

The Smarter Web Company Limited
Trading Profit and Loss Account (continued)
For The Year Ended 31 December 2023

Interest payable and similar charges
Bank interest payable

739

PROFIT BEFORE TAXATION

Tax on Profit
Corporation tax charge
Deferred taxation

1,020
(739)

(1,020)

56,445

85,958

14,123
861

PROFIT AFTER TAXATION BEING PROFIT FOR THE
FINANCIAL YEAR

131

18,487
(14,984)

(18,487)

41,461

67,471

PART III
(D)
UNAUDITED PROFORMA CONSOLIDATED NET ASSET STATEMENT FOR THE COMBINED GROUP
Net Assets

Movement

Previous

Company

Acquisition

Fundraising

Funds

Related

Total

Company

in

Pre IPO

of The

on

received from

Party Loan

Proforma

31/10/2024

payables

investment
funds
repaid

funds
received

Admission

Related Party

Waived

at

net of
expenses
£

£

£

£

6

7

8

9

Notes

£

£

£

£

Smarter
Web
Company
Ltd
£

1

2

3

4

5

Admission

Non current asset
Investments

575,575
575,575

Current assets
Trade & other
receivables
Cash & cash
equivalents
Total Current
assets/Total Assets

2,220
109,252
111,472

2,220
- 14,785
-

14,785

173,853
173,853

1,057,004

90,000

828,018

97,970

1,813,606
-

1,057,004

485,575

828,018

97,970

2,391,401

Current liabilities
Trade & other
payables
Borrowings

27,440
- 1,005,396

14,785

173,853

1,057,004
1,057,004

-

-

97,970
97,970

-

-

485,575

828,018

-

173,853
Total Current
liabilities/Total
Liabilities
Net
Assets/(Liabilities)

- 1,032,836

-

14,785

921,364

660,260

12,655
- 1,326,257

660,260

- 1,338,912

660,260
-

132

1,052,489

1. The financial information in respect of UEE Plc as at 31 October 2024 has been extracted,

2.
3.
4.
5.

6.
7.
8.
9.

without material adjustment, from the historical financial information, as set out in Part III
of this Document.
Payables made in the normal course of business during the period.
During Q1 2025, funds invested for previous IPO of £173,853 were repaid to investors, the
remaining investments of £281,252 are held for Smarter Web Company Ltd IPO.
Pre IPO funds received by the company during January and February 2025, included in
borrowings until shares have been issued.
On 24 April 2025, the Company acquired the entire issued share capital of the Smarter Web
Company Limited, a company in which Andrew Webley also serves as a director, for a
consideration of £575,575 payable in cash of £90,000 and ordinary shares of £515,575.
The Fundraising receipts are estimated at £1,035,125, net of the cash expenses of Admission,
which are expected to total £62,107.50 and £145,000 Fundraising and Listing expenses.
Cash received from related party to finance the repayment of funds received from previous
investment round.
On 19 March 2025, the Company received a loan waiver letter from a related party, namely
Power Metal Resources Plc, waiving the full current loan amount of £660,260.
The pro forma financial information does not constitute statutory accounts within the
meaning of section 434 of the Act.

133

PART IV
Additional Information
Disclosure
1

COMPANY DETAILS
The purpose of this section is to disclose information on the identity of the company.

1.1

The
legal
and The legal name of the Company is Uranium Energy Exploration Plc (to be renamed
commercial name The Smarter Web Company Plc from Admission).
of the company.

1.2

The
place
of The Company was registered in England and Wales as a private limited company
registration of the on 1 March 1907 and re-registered as a public company on 1 March 1982.
company,
its The Company’s registered number is: 00092343
registration number
The Company’s LEI is: 213800VQO9FUG4PZMP73
and legal entity
identifier (‘LEI’).

1.3

The
date
incorporation.

1.4

The
legislation The Company is a public limited company, incorporated in England and Wales, and
under which the accordingly the liability of its members is limited. The Company and its activities
company operates and operations are principally regulated by the Companies Act 2006 and the
and
country
of regulations made thereunder.
incorporation.

1.5

Address, telephone The Company’s registered office is located at: Suite 11, 14 London Road,
number
of
the Guildford, Surrey, England, GU1 2AG
company’s
The Company’s telephone number is: 0117 313 0459
registered office (or
principal place of
business if different
from its registered
office).

1.6

The website of the The Company website is https://www.smarterwebcompany.co.uk/
company.

2

COMPANY SHARE CAPITAL

of The Company was incorporated on 1 March 1907

The purpose of this section is to set out the terms and conditions of the securities and provides a detailed
description of their characteristics.
2.1

Information concerning the securities to be admitted.

2.1.1 A description of the The securities that are the subject to Admission are fully paid Ordinary Shares of
type and the class £0.001 each which will be registered with ISIN GB00BPJHZ015
of the securities to
be
admitted,
including
the
international
security
identification
number (‘ISIN’).
2.1.2 Currency
securities
admitted.
2.2

of
to

the The currency of the securities to be admitted is pounds sterling GBP
be

Share capital

2.2.1 The issued capital
as at the date of the

134

Disclosure
admission
document, and the
expected
issued
share
capital
following
admission,
including for each
class of share:
(a) the total of the
company’s
authorised
share capital;
(b) the number of
shares issued
and fully paid
and issued but
not fully paid;
and

Issued share capital at the date of this Document
Number and Class

Nominal Amount (£)

Total Aggregate
Amount (£)

7,050,000 Ordinary
Shares

£0.001

£7,050

7,050,000 Deferred
Shares

£0.049

£345,450

Issued share capital of the Company on Admission
Number and Class

Nominal Amount (£)

Total Aggregate
Amount (£)

146,901,357 Ordinary
Shares

£0.001

£146,901.36

7,050,000 Deferred
Shares

£0.049

£345,450

(c) the par value
per share, or The issued share capital of the Company on Admission will comprise of
that the shares 146,901,357 Ordinary Shares and 7,050,000 Deferred Shares. All of the Ordinary
have no par Shares of £0.001 each and Deferred Shares of £0.049 each are and will, on
Admission, be fully paid up. The 7,050,000 Deferred Shares will not be admitted to
value.
trading on the Aquis Stock Exchange Growth Market.
If more than 10 % of
the capital has been
paid for with assets
other than cash
within the period
covered by the
annual
financial
statements,
state
that fact.
2.2.2 The number, book The Company itself holds in treasury 60 Ordinary Shares and 60 Deferred Shares
value and face of £0.049 each in the capital of the Company and will do so at the date of
value of shares in Admission. There are no shares in the Company held by subsidiaries of the
the company held Company.
by or on behalf of
the company itself
or by subsidiaries of
the company.
2.2.3 Information about The Company has granted CLNs under the relevant Loan Note Instruments as
the amount of any follows:
convertible
Name
Ordinary Shares Exercise Price
securities,
on conversion of
exchangeable
Loan Notes on
securities,
Admission
securities
with
53,775,000
2 pence
warrants, or any Pre-IPO
Investors*
capital
of
any
14,062,603
2 pence
member of the Rollover
group
which
is Investors**
under option or
agreed to be put
*Pre-IPO Investors includes 210K Capital, LP, which holds £780,000 B Loan Notes
under option, with
convertible on Admission into 39,000,000 Ordinary Shares. Tyler Evans, a Director,
an indication of the
is also a director of 210K Capital, LP.

135

Disclosure
conditions
governing and the **Rollover Investors includes:
procedures
for
• Sean Wade, who holds, through his consultancy company, Keysford
conversion,
Limited, £10,000 A Loan Notes convertible on Admission to 500,000
exchange
or
Ordinary Shares.
subscription
and
details of those
persons to whom
• Mario Visconti, who holds, through his consultancy company, 123
they relate.
Accounting Solutions Limited, £19,000 A Loan Notes convertible on
Admission to 950,000 Ordinary Shares.
The Company has agreed to issue the CLN Warrants (in accordance with the
Subscription Letters and the Warrant Agreements, whereby for every Ordinary
Share in the capital of the Company received by each A Loan Note holder and B
Loan Note holder, they will have the right on and from the first year from Admission,
until the third anniversary of Admission, on exercise of the relevant Warrant, to
subscribe, on payment of 2.5 pence per share, for one additional Ordinary Share
for each Ordinary Share they receive on conversion of their Loan Notes.
In addition to the Warrants granted in respect of the CLNs (granted to the Pre-IPO
Investors and the Rollover Investors, as shown below), the Company has also
granted the following additional Warrants (being the SWCL Warrants, Broker
Warrants and Consultant Warrants, to those persons set out below, all such
warrants to be exercisable on and from the first year from Admission until the third
anniversary of Admission:
Name

Ordinary Shares
Warrants
exercisable over

Exercise
Price

Exercise dates

Pre-IPO
Investors*
Rollover
Investors**

53,775,000

2.5 pence

14,062,603

2.5 pence

25 April 2026 to 25 April
2028
25 April 2026 to 25 April
2028

Sellers

25,778,732

2.5 pence

25 April 2026 to 25 April
2028

Peterhouse
Capital
Limited

2,250,000

2.5 pence

25 April 2026 to 25 April
2028

Gregg Davis

200,000

2.5 pence

25 April 2026 to 25 April
2028

*Pre-IPO Investors includes the following:
•

210K Capital, LP holds Warrants over 39,000,000 Ordinary Shares,
exercisable at 2.5 pence per such share; and

•

Jamie Tosh, through his consultancy company, JT Management Group
Ltd, holds Warrants over 500,000 Ordinary Shares, exercisable at 2.5
pence per such share.

**Rollover Investors includes the following:
•

Sean Wade, through his consultancy company, Keysford Limited, holds
Warrants over 500,000 Ordinary Shares exercisable at 2.5 pence per such
share; and

136

Disclosure
•

Mario Visconti, through his consultancy company, 123 Accounting
Solutions Limited, holds Warrants over 950,000 Ordinary Shares
exercisable at 2.5 pence per such share.

2.2.4 Information about There are no acquisition rights and or obligations over authorised but unissued
and terms of any capital or an undertaking to increase the capital, except for the Warrants and CLNs
acquisition
rights referred to in paragraph 2.2.3 of this Part IV and paragraph 19 of Part I of this
and or obligations Document.
over authorised but
unissued capital or
an undertaking to
increase the capital.
2.2.5 A description of the The Ordinary Shares have attached to them full voting, dividend and capital
rights attached to distribution (including on winding up) rights; they do not confer any rights of
the
securities, redemption. The Articles contain no restrictions on the free transferability of fully
including
any paid Ordinary Shares.
limitations of those
rights,
and
(a) Dividend Rights
procedure for the
exercise of those Subject to the provisions of the Act and of the Articles and to any special rights
attaching to any shares, the Company, may by ordinary resolution, declare
rights:
dividends but no such dividends shall exceed the amount recommended by the
(a) dividend rights: Board.
(i)
time
limit
All dividends shall be apportioned and paid pro rata according to the amounts paid
after
up or credited as paid up (otherwise than in advance of calls) on the shares during
which any portion or portions of the period in respect of which the dividend is paid.
entitle
ment to
dividen Subject to the Act and these Articles Interim dividends may be paid provided that
they appear to the Board to be justified by the profits available for distribution and
d
lapses the financial position of the Company.
and an
indicati The Company in general meeting may, on the recommendation of the Board, by
on of ordinary resolution direct that payment of any dividend declared may be satisfied
the
wholly or partly by the distribution of assets. In particular the Board may:
person
▪ issue fractional certificated or authorise any person to sell and transfer
in
any fraction or disregard fractions altogether,
whose
▪ fix the value for distribution of such assets or any part of them and
favour
determine that cash payments may be made to any members on the
the
footing of the value so fixed, in order to adjust the rights of the
lapse
members; and
operate
s;
▪ vest such assets in trustees on trust for the persons entitled to the
dividend.
(ii)
dividen
▪
d
restricti Unless otherwise provided by the rights attached to the share, no dividend or other
ons
moneys payable by the Company or in respect of a share shall bear interest as
and
against the Company.
proced
ures for
All dividends and interest shall be paid (subject to any lien of the Company) to
nonresiden those members whose names shall be on the register at the date at which such
dividend shall be declared or at the date at which such interest shall be payable
t
holders respectively, or at such other date as the company by ordinary resolution or the
Board may determine.
;

137

Disclosure
(b) voting rights;

(b) Voting Rights
Subject to the provisions of the Act and to any special terms as to voting on which
(c) pre-emption
rights in offers any shares may have been issued, or may for the time being be held, and to any
for subscription suspension or abrogation of voting rights pursuant to the Articles, at any general
of securities of meeting:
the same class;
▪ on a vote on a resolution (by a show of hands), each member present
in person shall have one vote; and
(d) right to share in
▪
on a vote of a resolution (by show of hands) every proxy present, who
the company’s
has been duly appointed by one or more members entitled to vote on
profits;
the resolution shall have one vote, provided that on a vote on a
(e) right to share in
resolution on a show of hands, a proxy has one vote for and one
any surplus in
against the resolution if (i) the proxy has been duly appointed by more
the event of
than one member entitled to vote on the resolution; and (ii) the proxy
liquidation.
has been instructed by one or more of those members to vote for the
resolution and by one or more of those members to vote against it.
On a poll, (i) every member present in person or by proxy shall have one vote for
each share of which he is the holder, and (ii) all or any of the voting rights of a
member may be exercised by one or more duly appointed proxies, provided that,
where a member appoints more than one proxy, this does not authorise the
exercise by the proxies taken together of more extensive voting rights than could
be exercised by the member in person.
A member of the Company shall not be entitled, unless the Board determines
otherwise, to vote at a general meeting or at any separate meeting of the holders
of any class of shares either in person or by proxy, in respect of any share held by
him unless all calls or other sums presently payable by him in respect of that share
have been paid.
(c) Pre-emption Rights:
Subject to the provisions of the Acts and to any relevant authority of the Company
in general meeting, unissued shares at the date of adoption of these Articles and
any shares hereafter created shall be at the disposal of the Board which may allot
(with or without conferring rights of renunciation), grant options over, offer or
otherwise deal with or dispose of them, or grant rights to subscribe for or convert
any security into shares, to such persons (including the Directors themselves), at
such times and generally on such terms and conditions as the Board may decide,
provided that no share shall be issued at a discount.
(d) Right to share in the Company’s profits: please see dividend rights.
(e) Right to share in any surplus in the event of liquidation
If the Company is wound up, the surplus assets remaining after payment of all
creditors are to be divided among the members in proportion to the capital which
at the commencement of the winding up is paid up on the shares held by them
respectively and, if such surplus assets are insufficient to repay the whole of the
paid up capital, they are to be distributed so that as nearly as may be the losses
are borne by the members in proportion to the capital paid up at the
commencement of the winding up on the shares held by them respectively. This is
subject to the rights attached to any shares which may be issued on special terms
or conditions.
Transfer of shares
Each member may transfer all or any of his shares, in the case of certificated

138

Disclosure
shares, by instrument of transfer in writing in any usual form or in any form
approved by the Board. Any written instrument shall be executed by or on behalf
of the transferor and by or on behalf of the transferee. In the case of uncertified
shares, title to which may be transferred without a written instrument in accordance
with Uncertified Regulations. The transferor shall be deemed to remain the holder
of such share until the name of the transferee is entered in the Register in respect
of it.
The Board may, in its absolute discretion and without giving any reason, refuse to
register any transfer of certificated shares unless:
▪ it is in respect of a share which is fully paid up;
▪ it is in respect of a share on which the Company has no lien;
▪ it is in respect of only one class of share;
▪ it is in favour of a single transferee or not more than four joint transferees;
▪ it is duly stamped (if required); and
it is delivered for registration at the registered office, or other place as the Board by
determine, together with the relevant share certificate(s) and such other evidence
as the Board may reasonably require to show the right of the transferor to make
the transfer, provided that the Board may not exercise such discretion in such a
way as to prevent dealing from taking place on an open and proper basis.
The Board shall refuse (subject to any relevant requirements applicable to the
recognised investment exchange(s) to which the shares of the Company are
admitted (or to any other stock exchange on which the Company's shares are
normally traded)) to register the transfer or renunciation which is in favour of more
than four persons jointly or in any other circumstance permitted by the Uncertified
Regulations.
If the Board refuses to register a transfer of a share it shall, within two months after
the date on which the transfer was lodged with the Company, send notice of the
refusal to the transferee together with its reasons for the refusal. Any instrument
refused shall be returned to the person depositing it. All instruments of transfer
which are registered may be retained by the Company.
General meetings
Pursuant to the Act, annual general meetings shall be held at such time and place
as the Board may determine. The Board may convene any other general meeting
whenever it thinks fit. A general meeting shall be convened by the Board on a
member's resolution in accordance with sections 303 and 304 of the Act or it may
be convened by the members requisition a meeting in accordance with section 305
of the Act.
Pursuant to the Act, 21 clear days' notice of every annual general meeting and 14
clear days' notice of every other general meeting is required to be given. The
accidental omission to give notice to or the non-receipt of such notice by, any
person entitled to receive notice of the meeting will not invalidate any resolution
passed or proceeding at any such meeting.
No business may be transacted at any general meeting unless the requisite
quorum is present when the meeting proceeds to business but the absence of a
quorum shall not preclude the choice or appointment of a Chairman which shall not
be treated as part of the business. Subject to the Articles, two persons entitled to
attend and vote on the business to be transacted, each being a member present in

139

Disclosure
person or a proxy for a member, constitutes a quorum.
Pursuant to the provisions of the Articles, with the consent of any meeting at which
a quorum is present, the chairman may adjourn the meeting from time to time (or
indefinitely) and from place to place as he shall determine. However, the chairman
may also interrupt or adjourn the meeting, without the need for consent of the
meeting, if he is of the opinion that it is necessary to do so in order to secure the
proper and orderly conduct of the meeting or to give all persons entitled to do so,
a reasonable opportunity of speaking and voting at the meeting or to ensure that
the business of the meeting is otherwise properly disposed of.
Where a meeting is adjourned for fourteen days or more, the Board shall fix the
date, time and place for the adjourned meeting and give at least seven clear days'
notice, specifying the place, the date and time of the adjourned meeting and the
general nature of the business to be transacted, shall be given in the same manner
as in the case of an original meeting. No business shall be dealt with at any
adjourned meeting, the general nature of which was not stated in the notice of the
adjourned meeting.
As regards to the Deferred Shares they have attached to them the following rights,
in accordance with article 7.4 of the Articles:
(a) only be transferable with the Board’s consent and not admitted to trading on
any exchange including, but not limited to, any recognised investment exchange;
(b) subject to Article 7.4(c); not entitle any holder thereof shall not be entitled to
receive any dividend or distribution;
(c) not entitle the holders thereof to any certificate or other documents of title in
respect thereof;
(d) entitle the holders thereof on any return of capital once the holders of Ordinary
Shares have first received a return on capital of £1,000,000 in respect of each
Ordinary Shares held by them;
(e) the Deferred Shares may be redeemable by the Company at any time as its
option for one penny for all the Deferred Shares registered in the name of any
holder without obtaining the sanction of the holder or holders;
(f) will not entitle the holders thereof to receive notice of, attend, to speak to vote
at any general meeting of the Company.

2.3

Tax

2.3.1 A warning that the Taxation in the United Kingdom
tax legislation of the The following information is based on UK tax law and HM Revenue and Customs
investor and of the (HMRC) practice currently in force in the UK. Such law and practice (including,
company's country without limitation, rates of tax) is in principle subject to change at any time. The
of
incorporation information that follows is for guidance purposes only on certain aspects of tax in
may have an impact the UK. This is not a complete analysis of all the potential tax effects of acquiring,
on
the
income holding and disposing of Ordinary Shares, not will it relate to the specific tax
received from the position of all Shareholders in all jurisdictions. This summary is not a legal opinion.
securities.
Any person who is in any doubt about his or her position should contact their
Information on the professional advisor immediately.
taxation treatment
of the securities Tax treatment of UK investors
where the proposed
The following information, which relates only to UK taxation, is applicable to
investment attracts
persons who are resident in the UK and who beneficially own Ordinary Shares as
a
tax
regime
investments and not as securities to be realised in the course of a trade. It is based

140

Disclosure
specific to that type on the law and practice currently in force in the UK. The information is not
of investment.
exhaustive and does not apply to potential investors:
(1) who intend to acquire, or may acquire (either on their own or together with
persons with whom they are connected or associated for tax purposes), more than
10 per cent., of any of the classes of shares in the Company; or
(2) who intend to acquire Ordinary Shares as part of tax avoidance arrangements;
or
(3) who are in any doubt as to their taxation position.
Such Shareholders should consult their professional advisers without delay.
Shareholders should note that tax law and interpretation can change and that, in
particular, the levels, basis of and reliefs from taxation may change. Such changes
may alter the benefits of investment in the Company.
Shareholders who are neither resident nor temporarily non-resident in the UK and
who do not carry on a trade, profession or vocation through a branch, agency or
permanent establishment in the UK with which the Ordinary Shares are connected,
will not normally be liable to UK taxation on dividends paid by the Company or on
capital gains arising on the sale or other disposal of Ordinary Shares. Such
Shareholders should consult their own tax advisers concerning their tax liabilities.
Dividends
Where the Company pays dividends no UK withholding taxes are deducted at
source, Shareholders who are resident in the UK for tax purposes will, depending
on their circumstances, be liable to UK income tax or corporation tax on those
dividends.
UK resident individual Shareholders who are domiciled in the UK, and who hold
their Ordinary Shares as investments, will be subject to UK income tax on the
amount of dividends received from the Company.
Dividend income received by UK tax resident individuals after 6 April 2024 will have
a £500 annum dividend tax allowance.
Dividend receipts received after 6 April 2024 in excess of £500 will be taxed at
8.75% for basic rate taxpayers, 33.75% for higher rate taxpayers, and 39.35% for
additional rate taxpayers.
Shareholders who are subject to UK corporation tax should generally, and subject
to certain anti-avoidance provisions, be able to claim exemption from UK
corporation tax in respect of any dividend received, but will not be entitled to claim
relief in respect of any underlying tax.
Disposals of Ordinary Shares
Any gain arising on the sale, redemption or other disposal of Ordinary Shares will
be taxed at the time of such sale, redemption or disposal as a capital gain.
For disposals before 30 October 2024 the rate of capital gains tax on disposal of
Ordinary Shares by basic rate taxpayers is 10% rising to 20% for higher rate and
additional rate taxpayers. In the Budget on 30 October 2024, it was announced that
the rates of capital gains tax on the disposal of Ordinary Shares by basic rate

141

Disclosure
taxpayers will rise to 18% and 24% for higher rate and additional rate taxpayers.
For Shareholders within the charge to UK corporation tax, indexation allowance up
until 1 January 2018 may reduce any chargeable gain arising on disposal of
Ordinary Shares but will not create or increase an allowable loss.
Subject to certain exemptions, the corporation tax rate applicable to its taxable
profits is currently 25% for profits in excess of £250,000, with profits below £50,000
to be taxed at 19%, and a marginal rate on profits between these values. The profit
limits are reduced under certain circumstances, with close investment-holding
companies not being entitled to the lower rate.
Further information for Shareholders subject to UK income tax and capital
gains tax
“Transactions in securities”
The attention of Shareholders (whether corporates or individuals) within the scope
of UK taxation is drawn to the provisions set out in, respectively, Part 15 of the
Corporation Tax Act 2010 and Chapter 1 of Part 13 of the Income Tax Act 2007,
which (in each case) give powers to HMRC to raise tax assessments so as to
cancel “tax advantages” derived from certain prescribed “transactions in
securities”.
Stamp Duty and Stamp Duty Reserve Tax (SDRT)
No stamp duty or stamp duty reserve tax will generally be payable on the issue of
Ordinary Shares.
Neither UK stamp duty nor stamp duty reserve tax should arise on transfers of
Ordinary Shares on the Aquis Stock Exchange Growth Market (including
instruments transferring Ordinary Shares and agreements to transfer Ordinary
Shares) based on the following assumptions:
• the Ordinary Shares are admitted to trading on the Aquis Stock Exchange Growth
Market, but are not listed on any market (with the term “listed” being construed in
accordance with section 99A of the Finance Act 1986), and this has been certified
to Euroclear; and
• The Aquis Stock Exchange Growth Market continues to be accepted as a
“recognised growth market” as construed in accordance with section 99A of the
Finance Act 1986).
In the event that either of the above assumptions does not apply, stamp duty or
stamp duty reserve tax may apply to transfers of Ordinary Shares in certain
circumstances.
HMRC has accepted that it will no longer seek to impose the 1.5 per cent. charge
in respect new issues of shares so long as they are an integral part of a capital
raising, on the basis that the charges were not compatible with EU law. On 14
September 2023 HMRC introduced draft legislation confirming that it will not
reintroduce the 1.5 per cent. charge on the issue of shares into clearance following
the UK’s exit from the EU and the withdrawal of the appropriate EU legislation from
31 December 2023. This measure was enacted in Finance Act 2024 with the
legislation effective from 1 January 2024.

142

Disclosure

Any transfer of Ordinary Shares for consideration prior to admission to trading on
the Aquis Stock Exchange Growth Market is likely to be subject to stamp duty or
SDRT.
The above comments are intended as a guide to the general stamp duty and stamp
duty reserve tax position and may not relate to persons such as charities, market
makers, brokers, dealers, intermediaries and persons connected with depositary
arrangements or clearance services to whom special rules apply.
This summary of UK taxation issues can only provide a general overview of
these areas and it is not a description of all the tax considerations that may
be relevant to a decision to invest in the Company. The summary of certain
UK tax issues is based on the laws and regulations in force as of the date of
this document and may be subject to any changes in UK laws occurring after
such date. Legal advice should be taken with regard to individual
circumstances. Any person who is in any doubt as to their tax position or
where they are resident, or disclosure otherwise subject to taxation, in a
jurisdiction other than the UK, should consult their professional adviser.
2.4

Takeovers2

2.4.1 (a) Statement on (a) The Company is a public company incorporated in England and Wales and its
the existence of Ordinary Shares will be admitted to trading on the Access segment of the Aquis
national
Stock Exchange. Accordingly, the Takeover Code applies to the Company and
legislation
or operates principally to ensure that the shareholders are treated fairly and are not
rules
on denied an opportunity to decide on the merits of a takeover and that shareholders
takeovers
of the same class are afforded equivalent treatment. Brief details of the Takeover
applicable
to Code and the protection this affords Shareholders are set out below.
the
company
and
the
The Takeover Code is issued and administered by the Panel. The Takeover Code
possibility
for
and the Panel operate to ensure fair and equal treatment of shareholders in relation
frustrating
to takeovers, and also provide an orderly framework within which takeovers are
measures
if
conducted. The Takeover Code applies to all takeover and merger transactions,
any;
however effected, where the offeree company is, inter alia, a company which has
(b) a
brief its registered office in the UK, the Channel Islands or the Isle of Man, the securities
description of of which are admitted to trading on a regulated market or a multilateral trading
the
facility (such as the Main Market) in the United Kingdom or on any stock exchange
shareholders’
in the Channel Islands or the Isle of Man. Accordingly, the Takeover Code applies
rights
and to the Company.
obligations in
case
of
Under Rule 9 of the Takeover Code,
mandatory
takeover
bid,
and/or
(a) any person who acquires an interest in shares which (taken together with
squeeze-out or
shares in which that person or any person acting in concert with that person
sell-out rules in
is interested) carry 30% or more of the voting rights of a company; or
relation to the
(b) any person, together with persons acting in concert with that person, is
securities; and
interested in shares which in the aggregate carry not less than 30% of the
voting rights of a company but does not hold shares carrying more than
(c) a
brief
50% of such voting rights and such person, or any person acting in concert
description of
with that person, acquires an interest in any other shares which increases
any
further
provision of the
2

Note, any disclosures required by the Takeover Code in respect of concert parties or otherwise should be disclosed elsewhere in the
Admission Document.

143

Disclosure
company’s
the percentage of shares carrying voting rights in which that person is
articles
of
interested,
association,
statutes,
such person shall extend offers, on the basis set out in Rule 9.3 and Rule 9.5, to
charter
or
the holders of any class of equity share capital whether voting or non-voting and
bylaws
that
also to the holders of any other class of transferable securities carrying voting
would have an
rights.
effect
of
delaying,
deferring
or An offer under Rule 9 must be made in cash at the highest price paid by the person
preventing
a required to make the offer, or any person acting in concert with such person, for
change
in any interest in shares of the company during the 12 months prior to the
control of the announcement of the offer.
company.
Under the Takeover Code, a concert party arises when persons, pursuant to an
agreement or understanding (whether formal or informal), co-operate to obtain or
consolidate control of a company or to frustrate the successful outcome of an offer
for a company. Under the Takeover Code, control means an interest, or aggregate
interests, in shares carrying 30 per cent or more of the voting rights of a company,
irrespective of whether the interest or interests give de facto control. In this context,
voting rights means all the voting rights attributable to the capital of the company
which are currently exercisable at an extraordinary general meeting.
On and following Admission, the Takeover Code will continue to apply to the
Company.
(b) The Squeeze and Sell out provisions of the Companies Act 2006 (the
Companies Act) may also apply.
Squeeze out: under the Act (sections 974 to 991), generally and by way of example,
if, as a result of a takeover, an offeror for all of the issued ordinary shares not then
held by such offeror were to acquire 90 per cent. of the issued ordinary shares to
which such offer relates within four months of making its offer, it may then
compulsorily acquire the remaining 10 per cent. It would do so by sending a notice
to outstanding shareholders telling them that it will compulsorily acquire their
ordinary shares and then, six weeks later, it would execute a transfer of the
outstanding ordinary shares in its favour and pay the consideration to the
Company, which would hold the consideration on trust for outstanding
shareholders. The consideration offered to the shareholders whose ordinary
shares are compulsorily acquired under the Act must, in general, be the same as
the consideration that was available under the takeover offer.
Sell out: The Act (section 983) may also give minority shareholders a right to be
bought out in certain circumstances by an offeror who had made a takeover offer.
Generally and by way of example, if a takeover offer relates to all the ordinary
shares and at any time before the end of the period within which the offer could be
accepted the offeror held or had agreed to acquire not less than 90 per cent. of the
ordinary shares to which the offer related, any holder of ordinary shares to which
the offer relates who has not accepted the offer may by a written communication
to the offeror require it to acquire those ordinary shares. The offeror would be
required to give any shareholder notice of his right to be bought out within one
month of that right arising. The offeror may impose a time limit on the rights of
minority shareholders to be bought out, but that period cannot end less than three
months after the end of the acceptance period. If a shareholder exercises its rights,
the offeror is bound to acquire those shares on the terms of the offer or on such
other terms as may be agreed.

144

Disclosure
3

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
This section shall explain the company’s administration and the role of the persons involved in the
management of the company. It will furthermore provide information on the background of senior
management, their remuneration and its potential link to the company’s performance.

3.1

Board and senior management

3.1.1 Names
and (A) Andrew Simon John Webley – Proposed Director and Chief Executive Officer.
functions of the
following persons Sean Edward Wade – Non-Executive Director (appointed 4 August 2022)
and an indication of
the
principal Mario Visconti – Chief Financial Officer (appointed 24 March 2022)
activities performed
by them outside of Tyler Evans – Non-Executive director (appointed 27 January 2025)
the company where
these are significant For details of the Directors’ relevant management expertise and experience
with respect to that together with their activities outside the Company, please see paragraph 8 in Part
company:
I of this Document.
(a) members of the The Directors hold or have held the following directorships (including directorships
of companies registered outside England and Wales) or have been partners in the
board;
following partnerships within the five years prior to the date of this Document:
(b) any
senior
manager who is
Current Directorships/
Previous
relevant
to Director/Pro
posed
Partnerships
Directorships
establishing
Director
that
the
company has Mario Visconti Uranium Energy Exploration Plc
Kanye Resources Plc
the appropriate
123 Accounting Solutions Limited
Accessible Accounts
expertise and
The Smarter Web Company
Limited
experience for
Research Ltd
the
management of Sean Edward Uranium Energy Exploration Plc
Scout IR Ltd
the company’s Wade
Keysford Limited
Scout Advisory Ltd
business.
Power Metal Resources Plc
S&K Wade Properties
The Smarter Web Company
Research Ltd
Ion Battery Resources Limited
African Battery Metals Limited
Power Arabia Limited
Katoro Gold Plc

Details of the nature
of
any
family
relationship
between any of the
persons referred to
in points (a) to (b).
Andrew
Simon John
Webley

Uranium Energy Exploration Plc
The Smarter Web Company Limited

Junior Equine Limited
3 Buckingham Place
Limited

Tyler Evans

Uranium Energy Exploration Plc
UTXO Management GP, LLC
Metaplanet Inc.
Matador Technologies Inc.
BTC Inc
210K Capital, LP

N/A

(b) The Company has no senior managers.

145

Disclosure
3.1.2 In the case of each For details of the Proposed Director and the Directors relevant management
member of the expertise and experience, please see paragraph 8 in Part I of this Document.
board
of
the
company, details of
None of the Proposed Director and the Directors have had any convictions in
that
person’s
relation to fraudulent offences or been subject to any official public incrimination
relevant
and/or sanctions by statutory or regulatory authorities (including designed
management
professional bodies).
expertise
and
experience and the
following
None of the Proposed Director and the Directors have been disqualified by a court
information:
from acting as member of the administrative, management or supervisory bodies
of any company or from acting in the management or conduct of the affairs of any
(a) details of any
company.
convictions in
relation
to
fraudulent
offences for at
least
the
previous
five
years;
(b) details of any
official
public
incrimination
and/or
sanctions
involving such
persons
by
statutory
or
regulatory
authorities
(including
designated
professional
bodies)
and
whether
they
have ever been
disqualified by a
court
from
acting as a
member of the
administrative,
management or
supervisory
bodies of an
company
or
from acting in
the
management or
conduct of the
affairs of any
company for at
least
the
previous
five
years.
If there is no such
information required
to be disclosed, a

146

Disclosure
statement to that
effect is to be made.
3.2

Remuneration and benefits

3.2.1 To the extent not In the last full financial year to 31 October 2024, the remuneration paid (including
covered elsewhere any contingent or deferred compensation) and benefits in kind granted to the
in the admission Directors by the Company was as follows:
document
in
relation to the last
full financial year
• Sean Edward Wade – £56,000 paid to his consultancy services company,
the
amount
of
Keysford Limited
remuneration paid
(including
any
• Mario Visconti – £20,000 paid to his consultancy services company, 123
contingent
or
Accounting Solutions Limited
deferred
compensation), and For details of the Loan Notes and Warrants granted to the Directors, please see
benefits in kind paragraph 2.2.3 of this Part IV.
granted
to
the
members of the
board
by
the
company and its
subsidiaries
for
services
in
all
capacities to the
company and its
subsidiaries by any
person.
The
information must be
disclosed on an
individual basis.
3.2.2 For the members of Andrew Simon John Webley
the
board,
the On 24 April 2025, Andrew Webley entered into a service agreement with the
amount
of Company, under the terms of which he has agreed to act as the Chief Executive
remuneration
Officer of the Company. The Service Agreement is effective from the date of
payable (including Admission, and may be terminated by either party giving to the other 12 months'
any contingent or notice. The fee payable by the Company in consideration for the performance of
deferred
the services will be £120,000 per annum. The service agreement is governed by
compensation), and the laws of England and Wales.
benefits in kind
granted to such Andrew Webley has a company car provided by SWCL under a hire purchase
persons by the agreement with instalment payments of £767.64 per month and SWCL has
company and its previously paid into Andrew’s personal pension scheme from time to time.
subsidiaries
for
services
in
all Sean Edward Wade
capacities to the On 24 April 2025, Sean Wade entered into a letter of appointment with the
company and its Company, under the terms of which he has agreed to act as the Non-Executive
subsidiaries
Director of the Company. The letter of appointment is effective from the date of
following
Admission, and may be terminated by either party giving to the other 3 months'
admission.
The notice. The fee payable by the Company in consideration for the performance of
information must be the services will be £36,000 per annum. The service agreement is governed by the
disclosed on an laws of England and Wales.
individual basis and
on a per annum Mario Visconti
basis.
On 24 April 2025, Mario Visconti entered into a service agreement with the
Company, under the terms of which he has agreed to act as the Chief Financial
Officer of the Company. The Service Agreement is effective from the date of
Admission, and may be terminated by either party giving to the other 6 months'
notice. The fee payable by the Company in consideration for the performance of

147

Disclosure
the services will be £36,000 per annum. The service agreement is governed by the
laws of England and Wales.
Tyler Evans
On 24 April 2025, Tyler Evans entered into a letter of appointment with the
Company, under the terms of which he has agreed to act as the Non- Executive
Director of the Company. The letter of appointment is effective from the date of
Admission, and may be terminated by either party giving to the other 3 months'
notice. The fee payable by the Company in consideration for the performance of
the services will be £12,000 per annum, increasing to £36,000 on and from the
second year from Admission. Under the terms of his consultancy agreement
entered into on 24 April 2025, he will also receive £24,000 of Ordinary Shares at
the Subscription Price and Placing Price per such share, equating to 960,000
Ordinary Shares to be issued to him on Admission as consideration for services
provided in connection with preparing for Admission and the Company’s ordinary
shares being admitted to the Aquis Stock Exchange Growth Market. The service
agreement is governed by the laws of England and Wales.
3.2.3 The total amounts To date, there has been no amount set aside or accrued by the Company or its
set aside or accrued subsidiaries to provide pension, retirement or similar benefits.
by the company or
its subsidiaries to
provide
pension,
retirement or similar
benefits.
3.3

Shareholdings and stock options

3.3.1 Information on the On the date of this Document and on Admission respectively, the interests of the
share
ownership Directors and the entities under their direct, immediate control and, so far as they
and
any
stock are aware having made due and careful enquiries, of persons connected with them
options held by the (all of which are beneficial, unless otherwise stated) (so far as is known to the
members of the Directors, or could with reasonable diligence be ascertained by them) in the
board
in
the Existing Ordinary Shares and Enlarged Share Capital are and will be as follows:
company as of the
most
recent Director/ As at the date of this Document
On Admission
Number of
Number
practicable
date. Proposed Number of % of
Ordinary
of
Number
Number of
% of
Shares
Ordinary
The
information Director
Ordinary
existing
of
Ordinary
Ordinary
Warrants
Shares
Shares
Ordinary
Deferred
Shares
Shares
must be disclosed
held over
CLNs
Shares
Shares
held over
on an individual
(such
basis.
number
included
in the
column
titled
Number
of
Ordinary
Shares to
be held
on
Admissio
n as
shown in
this table)
Andrew
Webley

-

-

-

14,489,366

9.86%

12,889,36
6

Nil

Sean
Edward
Wade
(including
through
Keysford
Limited)

187,346

2.66%

187,346

687,346

0.47%

500,000

500,000

Mario

-

-

-

950,000

0.65%

950,000

950,000

148

Disclosure
Visconti
(through
123
Accountin
g
Solutions
Limited)
Tyler
Evans*

-

-

-

960,000

0.65%

-

Nil

*Tyler Evans is a director of 210K Capital, LP and further information on 210K
Capital, LP’s shareholding is found in paragraph 4.1.1 below. The number of
Ordinary Shares 210K Capital, LP holds CLNs over is 39,000,000.
Save as disclosed in this paragraph 3.3.1 of this Part IV, or otherwise in
this Document, no Director has any interest, whether direct or indirect, in
the Company's Ordinary Shares.
Other than the Warrants tabled above, the Proposed Director and the Directors do
not hold any stock options in the Company prior to Admission.
4

SHAREHOLDER AND SECURITY HOLDER INFORMATION
This section shall provide information on the company’s major shareholders, the existence of potential
conflicts of interest between senior management and the company, the company’s share capital as well
as information on related party transactions, legal and arbitration proceedings and material contracts.

4.1

Major shareholders

4.1.1 In so far as known
to the company, the
name of any person
who, directly or
indirectly, has an
interest
in
the
company’s capital
or voting rights
which is equal or
above 3% of capital
or total voting rights,
together with the
amount of each
such
person’s
interest, as at the
date
of
the
admission
document or, if
there are no such
persons,
an
appropriate
negative statement.

Name

Number
of
Ordinar
y
Shares
held
prior to
Admissi
on

% of
issued
Ordinary
Share
capital
prior to
Admissio
n

% of voting
rights held
prior to
Admission

Number of
Ordinary
Shares held on
Admission
(including, if
relevant, on
conversion of
the CLNs)

% of issued
Ordinary
Share capital
on
Admission
(including on
conversion
of the CLNs)

Number of
Ordinary
Shares
Warrants
held over

210K
Capital, LP
*

-

-

-

39,000,000

26.55%

39,000,000

Andrew
Webley

-

-

-

14,489,363

9.86%

12,889,363

Joanna
Webley**

-

-

-

12,889,363

8.77%

12,889,363

LRC
Special
Opportuniti
es LLC –
Series 1

-

-

-

10,778,586

7.34%

-

Green
Lumber
Holdings
L.P.

-

-

-

5,955,000

4.05%

2,875,000

Long Run
Capital II,
L.P.

-

-

-

5,338,308

3.63%

4,000,000

Chadwick
Roach

-

-

-

5,000,000

3.40%

5,000,000

Jason
Wollard

-

-

-

4,800,000

3.27%

-

*Tyler Evans is a director of 210K Capital, LP
**Joanna Webley is the wife of Andrew Webley
The Deferred Shares do not hold any voting rights.
4.1.2 To the extent known Save as disclosed above in paragraph 4.1.1 of this Part 4, or otherwise in this
to the company, Document, as at the date of this Document, the Directors are not aware of any
state whether the interest which will immediately following Admission represent three per cent. (3%)

149

Disclosure
company is directly or more of the Enlarged Share Capital or voting rights of the Company or of any
or indirectly owned person who, directly or indirectly, jointly or severally, exercises or could exercise
or controlled and by control of the Company.
whom and describe
the nature of such
control
and
describe
the
measures in place
to ensure that such
control
is
not
abused.
4.1.3 A description of any The Company and the Directors are not aware of any arrangements or operations
arrangements,
which may, at a subsequent date, result in or prevent a change in control of the
known
to
the Company.
company,
the
operation of which
may
at
a
subsequent
date
result in or prevent
a change in control
of the company.
4.2

Major Shareholders and Board capital history

4.2.1 A history of share The Company was incorporated on 1 March 1907 an issued share capital of
capital, options and £75,000, consisting of 50,000 six per cent. cumulative preferred (and participating)
warrants issued to shares of £1 each and 50,000 ordinary shares of 10 shillings each.
each member of the
board, and each
On 18 January 1952, by way of special resolution, the issued share capital of the
major shareholders
Company, subject to confirmation by the Court, was resolved to be reduced to
disclosed at item
£25,000 by the repayment of 50,000 six per cent. cumulative preferred (and
4.1.1, for the period
participating) shares of £1.00 each in the capital of the Company which were also
covering 12 months
to be cancelled and extinguished. On 31 March 1952 the Courts confirmed that the
prior to the date of
petition of the Company and the aforementioned reduction, cancellation and
the
admission
extinguishment of capital was approved and the issued share capital was, in
document.
The
accordance with such special resolution, reduced to £25,000, consisting of 50,000
history
should
ordinary shares of 10 shillings each (Reduction).
include the price
paid for each share
issue and the term In connection with such Reduction, the authorised share capital of the Company
and exercise price was then resolved to be increased to £75,000 through authorising the issue of
of any warrants and 100,000 new ordinary shares of 10 shillings each, subject to the above confirmation
options.
of the Court, bringing the total authorised share capital at such time to 150,000
ordinary shares of 10 shillings each, of which 50,000 ordinary shares were deemed
to be fully paid and 100,000 ordinary shares remained unissued, bringing the total
issued share capital at that time to £25,000.
On 10 February 1982, the Company allotted 50,000 ordinary shares of £0.50p each
(being the ordinary shares of 10 shillings each prior to decimalisation in 1971),
bringing the Company’s issued share capital to £50,000, consisting of 100,000
ordinary shares of £0.50.
On 19 December 2013, the Company passed the following resolutions:
a) by special resolution, the Company amended its articles of association by
deleting all provisions of the Company's memorandum of association
which, by virtue of section 28 of the Act, are to be treated as provisions of
the Company's articles and the Company adopted new articles of

150

Disclosure
association in substitution for, and to the exclusion of all existing articles of
association; and
b) by ordinary resolution, the Company subdivided and reclassified its issued
share capital from 100,000 ordinary shares of £0.50 each, into 10,000,000
ordinary shares of £0.005 each in the capital of the Company. Such shares
having the same rights and being subject to the same restrictions (save as
to nominal value) as the existing ordinary shares of £0.50 each in the
capital of the Company prior to the sub-division and reclassification.
During the period between 19 December 2013 and 1 March 2024, the Company
issued the following shares:
a) on 19 March 2013 to 20 April 2015, the Company issued 51,491,810
ordinary shares of £0.005 each;
b) on 29 September 2015, the Company issued 3,050,000 ordinary shares of
£0.005 each;
c) on 30 October 2017 to 31 October 2017, the Company issued 5,214,294
ordinary shares of £0.005 each; and
d) on 16 February 2018, the Company issued 743,896 ordinary shares of
£0.005 each.
Prior to 1 March 2024, the Company’s issued share capital was £352,500
comprised of 70,500,000 ordinary shares of £0.005 each with equal voting rights
(subject to the Articles) and which were transferrable in both certificated and
uncertificated form. No Shareholder has any different voting rights from any other
Shareholder.
At a general meeting of the Company held on 1 March 2024 the Company resolved
that its Existing Ordinary Shares should be reorganised as follows (the Capital
Reorganisation):
a) every 10 of the Company’s Existing Ordinary Shares of £0.005 each was
consolidated into one ordinary share of £0.05 each; and
b) each ordinary share of £0.05 each was then sub-divided into (i) one
Consolidated Ordinary Share of £0.001 each; and (ii) one Deferred Share
of £0.049 each.
As at close of business on 23 April 2025 (being the latest practicable date prior to
the posting of this Document), the Company’s share capital consists of 7,050,000
Ordinary Shares and 7,050,000 Deferred Shares.
On Admission the Company will issue 139,851,357 Ordinary Shares as New
Shares consisting of:
• the Fee Shares;
• the Consultant Shares
• the Consideration Shares;
• the Rollover Shares;
• the Pre-IPO Shares;
• the Retail Offer Shares;
• the Subscription Shares; and
• the Placing Shares.
such Ordinary Shares being issued, as summarised in Share Capital Information
on page 11 of this Document, pursuant to the authority referred to in paragraph 22
of Part I without the need for any further approval of the Company’s shareholders.
The issued share capital of the Company as at Admission, will be c£492,351.36

151

Disclosure
consisting of 146,901,357 Ordinary Shares of and 7,050,000 Deferred Shares.
On or around 24 April 2025, Warrants, conditional upon Admission were issued to
certain Directors and major shareholders (as disclosed in item 4.1.1 above) in
connection with their subscription for Loan Notes and, in the case of the Proposed
Director and Joanna Webley, they will be issued, as Sellers, f the SWCL Warrants.
The table below sets out the Warrants (including the SWCL Warrants) received by
the Proposed Director and the Directors and the exercise prices, and exercisable
periods thereof:
Name

Ordinary Shares Warrants
exercisable over

Exercise Price

Exercise dates

Sean Edward Wade
(through Keysford
Limited)

500,000

2.5 pence

25 April 2026 to 25 April 2028

Andrew Webley

12,889,366

2.5 pence

25 April 2026 to 25 April 2028

Joanna Webley*

12,889,366

2.5 pence

25 April 2026 to 25 April 2028

Mario Visconti
(through 123
Accounting Solutions
Limited)

950,000

2.5 pence

25 April 2026 to 25 April 2028

210K Capital, LP**

39,000,000

2.5 pence

25 April 2026 to 25 April 2028

Green Lumber
Holdings L.P.

2,875,000

2.5 pence

25 April 2026 to 25 April 2028

Long Run Capital II,
L.P.

4,000,000

2.5 pence

25 April 2026 to 25 April 2028

Chadwick Roach

5,000,000

2.5 pence

25 April 2026 to 25 April 2028

**Tyler Evans is a director of 210K Capital, LP
*Joanna Webley is the wife of Andrew Webley
4.3

Major Shareholders, Board and Senior Management’s conflicts of interests

4.3.1 Potential conflicts of Except as stated below, none of the Directors has, or has had, any conflict of
interests between interest between any duties to the Company and their private interests or any duties
any duties to the they owe. Should the Company make investments which involve Related Parties,
company, of the any such investments will comply with the requirements related to such
persons referred to transactions under the Aquis Growth Market Rules.
in item 3.1.1, and Andrew Webley, a Proposed Director of the Company, is a Seller of the entire
their
private issued share capital of The Smarter Web Company Limited, pursuant to the
interests and or Acquisition Agreement which is conditional on Admission.
other duties. In the
event that there are
no such conflicts, a
statement to that
effect
must
be
made.
Any arrangement or
understanding with
major shareholders,
customers,
suppliers or others,
pursuant to which
any person referred
to in item 3.1.1 was
selected
as
a
member of the
board or member of

152

Disclosure
senior
management.
4.4

Related party transactions

UK–adopted
4.4.1 If
international
The CLNs and Warrants, as disclosed in paragraph 2.2.3 of this Part IV above,
accounting
represent a Related Party Transaction, due to the convertible loan notes and
standards do not Warrants being issued to each of the Directors of the Company.
apply
to
the
company,
the
£9,600 was lent by the Company to SWCL to cover SWCL’s audit fees for the years
following
information must be ending 2023 and 2024.
disclosed for the
period covered by £50,000 was invoiced by SWCL to the Company in respect of an introduction fee
the
historical for monies raised on behalf of the Company.
financial information
and up to the date of
the
admission The Company had an outstanding loan with Power Metal Resources for
£660,260.46. The loan was written off in full and final settlement on 19 March 2025.
document:
(a) the nature and
extent of any
related
party
transactions
which are, as a
single
transaction or in
their
entirety,
material to the
company.
Where
such
related
party
transactions
are
not
concluded
at
arm’s
length
provide
an
explanation of
why
these
transactions
were
not
concluded
at
arm’s length. In
the case of
outstanding
loans including
guarantees of
any
kind
indicate
the
amount
outstanding;
(b) the amount or
the percentage
to which related
party
transactions
form part of the

153

Disclosure
turnover of the
company.
If
UK–adopted
international
accounting
standards apply to
the company, the
information set out
in points (a) and (b)
must be disclosed
only for transactions
that have occurred
since the end of the
last financial period
for which audited
financial information
have
been
published and any
related-party
disclosures in the
historical financial
information should
be
crossreferenced.
5.

LEGAL AND ARBITRATION PROCEEDINGS

5.1.

Information on any Neither the Company nor any other member of the Company, nor SWCL, is or has
governmental, legal during the 12 months preceding the date of this Document been engaged in any
or
arbitration governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings nor, as far as the Directors are
proceedings
aware, are there any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings pending or
(including any such threatened against the Company or any other member of the Company which may
proceedings which have or have had during the 12 months preceding the date of this Document a
are pending or significant effect on the Company’s financial position or profitability.
threatened of which
the company is
aware), during a
period covering at
least the previous
12 months which
may have, or have
had in the recent
past
significant
effects
on
the
company
and/or
group’s
financial
position
or
profitability,
or
provide
an
appropriate
negative statement.

6.

MATERIAL CONTRACTS

6.1.

A brief summary of The following contracts are the Material Contracts, other than the contracts entered
any
material into in the ordinary course of business, to which the Company is a party for the last
contracts,
other 12 months immediately preceding publication of this Document:
than
contracts
entered into in the
Documents relating to the Company

154

Disclosure
ordinary course of
business, to which Loan Facility Agreement
the company or any
Pursuant to a loan facility agreement dated 12 April 2018 (Loan Facility
member of the
Agreement) entered into between the Company and Shard Capital Limited as the
group is a party, for
Lender, the Lender provided the Company with £50,000 by way of an unsecured
the
last
year
term convertible loan facility of, in aggregate, £50,000. The loan facility attracts an
immediately
interest rate of 4% per annum.
preceding
publication of the
admission
By a Deed of Variation dated 28 March 2022, the Company and the Lender agreed
document.
to vary the terms of the loan facility agreement on the key variation term that the
loan, and any interest accrued thereon, shall be repaid or satisfied by being
converted into such number of Ordinary Shares (as calculated in accordance to the
Deed of Variation) and such conversion to occur upon the Company's Admission
prior to the non-conversion notice repayment date of 31 December 2022.
The Loan Facility Agreement was repaid in full and final settlement on 5 March
2025.
Power Metals Loan Agreement
The Company had an outstanding loan with Power Metal Resources for
£660,260.46. The loan was written off in full and final settlement on 19 March 2025.
Unsecured loans between SWCL and Barclays Bank Plc
SWCL has the following unsecured outstanding loans with Barclays Bank Plc:
•

Bounceback Loan for the principal sum of £50,000 at an annual interest
rate of 2.5%, repayable monthly at a rate of c£857 and fully repayable by
6 May 2026

•

Flex loan for the principal sum of £50,000 at an annual interest rate of 4.4
per cent over the Bank of England bank rate, repayable monthly at a rate
of c£1,611 and fully repayable by 28 December 2027.
The Company intends to repay such loans in full following Admission.
Documents relating to Admission
Peterhouse Capital Limited Engagement Letter and Corporate Adviser
Agreement
On 22 February 2022, the Company entered into an engagement letter with
Peterhouse pursuant to which Peterhouse was engaged to act as the Company’s
Aquis Stock Exchange Growth Market Corporate Adviser in connection with the
Admission. In consideration for the services provided under the engagement letter,
the Company agreed to pay to Peterhouse: (i) a transaction fee of £55,000, payable
as to £15,000 on signature of the engagement letter and £40,000 on completion of
the Admission; (ii) a commission of 6 per cent of gross funds raised by Peterhouse
pursuant to any existing undertaken by the Company; and (iii) a commission of 1
per cent of the gross funds raised by the Company or third parties pursuant to any
fundraising undertaken by the Company if Peterhouse handles and facilitates all
the paperwork.
On 2 April 2025, the Company entered into an Engagement Letter Addendum with
Peterhouse, whereby Peterhouse will be paid £45,000 in Ordinary Shares in the
Company, equating to the pre-IPO convertible loan note price of a 20% discount to
the IPO price, in return for cancellation any outstanding corporate advisory
transaction fees and in lieu of cancellation of warrants over 3.5% of the Enlarged

155

Disclosure
Share Capital on Admission.
Under the terms of Peterhouse’s Corporate Adviser Agreement dated 24 April 2025
between the Company and Peterhouse pursuant to which the Company has
appointed Peterhouse to act as corporate adviser to the Company for an initial term
of one year and then on an on-going basis following Admission. The agreement
contains certain undertakings and indemnities given by the Company in respect of,
inter alia, compliance with all applicable laws and regulations. The agreement is
terminable by either party by giving three months written notice, such notice not to
be given prior to the end of the initial 12-month period.
Winterflood Agreement
An agreement dated 14 April 2025 between the Company and Winterflood
Securities Limited (Winterflood) pursuant to which Winterflood will make an offer
of Ordinary Shares to intermediaries through the provision of its proprietary WRAP
platform. The agreement contains certain indemnities given by the Company in
respect of, inter alia, breach of the agreement and taxes. The agreement is
terminable by either party by giving 7 days’ written notice.
Under the agreement Winterflood will be entitled to 6% of the funds raised through
the WRAP platform with 3% thereof being payable to Tennyson Securities (trading
as Shard Capital Partners) and any out of pocket expenses incurred by
Winterflood.
Tennyson Securities Engagement Letter
On 26 March 2025, the Company entered into an engagement letter with Tennyson
Securities to provide corporate broking services to the Company. The Company
will be charged a commission of 6% of the aggregate value of the gross monies
raised pursuant to the Placing.
Subscription Letters
Subscription letters pursuant to which 18,856,894 Subscription Shares were
subscribed to at the Subscription Price.
Lock-in and Orderly Market Agreements
Pursuant to the terms of the Lock-in Agreements, the Locked-In Directors have
agreed that, save for certain customary exceptions, they will not dispose of any
interest in the Ordinary Shares held by them for a period of twelve months following
Admission.
Andrew Webley has, however, agreed with Peterhouse that he will make Ordinary
Shares available for sale, representing up to 10 per cent of the Ordinary Shares
held by him on Admission, if that is required to maintain an orderly market in the
Ordinary Shares.
In addition, the Locked-in Parties, have also agreed that any Disposal made by
them in the subsequent twelve-month period will be undertaken, save in certain
circumstances, only following Peterhouse’s agreement and if brokered through the
Company’s broker.
Further details of the Lock-in Agreements are set out in paragraph 16 of Part I of
this Document.

156

Disclosure

Relationship Agreement
On 24 April 2025, 210K Capital, LP entered into a relationship agreement with
Peterhouse and the Company (Relationship Agreement) pursuant to which 210K
Capital, LP has undertaken, for so long as the Ordinary Shares are admitted to
trading on the Aquis Stock Exchange Growth Market and 210K Capital, LP
(individually or together with his associates) continues to hold more than 20 per
cent of the voting rights attaching to the Ordinary Shares in issue from time to time,
to procure, inter alia, that the Company and its business shall be managed for the
benefit of Shareholders as a whole and any transactions between 210K Capital,
LP and a member of the Company will be at arm’s length, the board of Directors of
the Company will contain at least one independent Director and certain reserved
board matters will only be voted on by the independent Directors of the Company.
Placing Agreement
A placing agreement dated 24 April 2025 and made between (1) the Company (2)
the Directors (3) Peterhouse and (4) Shard Capital Partners LLP pursuant to which
Peterhouse has agreed, subject to certain conditions, to act as agent for the
Company and to use its reasonable endeavours to procure placees to subscribe
for the Placing Shares at the Placing Price, or failing which to subscribe itself, as
principal, for the Placing Shares at the Placing Price.
The Placing Agreement is conditional upon, inter alia, Admission occurring on or
before 8 a.m. on 30 April 2025. The Placing Agreement contains warranties from
the Company and the Directors in favour of Peterhouse in relation to, inter alia, the
accuracy of the information in this document and other matters relating to the Group
and its business. In addition, the Company, and the Directors have agreed to
indemnify Peterhouse in respect of certain liabilities it may incur in respect of the
Placing. Peterhouse has the right to terminate the Placing Agreement in certain
circumstances prior to Admission, in particular, in the event of a material breach of
the warranties.
Under the Placing Agreement and subject to it becoming unconditional and not
being terminated in accordance with its terms, the Company has agreed to pay a
commission of 5 per cent on the value at the Placing Price of the Placing Shares
together with any applicable VAT.
Additionally, the Company has agreed to pay all of Peterhouse's costs and
expenses (including any applicable VAT) of the Placing.
Broker Agreement
A broker agreement dated 24 April 2025 and made between (1) the Company
and (2) Tennyson Securities pursuant to which Tennyson Securities will be
appointed, effective from Admission, as the Company’s broker. Under the terms
of the Broker Agreement, Tennyson Securities will be paid an annual retainer fee
of £20,000. Such fee shall be paid for the first 12 months (“First Period”) from
the date of the agreement and, thereafter, payable quarterly in advance (in the
sum of £5,000), with the first such revised instalment due after the expiration of
the First Period and each three months thereafter. This annual fee will be
negotiated once the Company has raised more than £10 million through
Tennyson Securities.
A Loan Notes and A Convertible Loan Note Instrument
Pursuant to the A Loan Notes (constituted under the A Loan Note Instrument)
issued, or to be issued, to the Rollover Investors on or around or from Admission,
the Company will raise £281,252 that will convert on Admission into Ordinary
Shares of the Company at a 20% discount to the Placing Price and the Subscription

157

Disclosure
Price. The A Loan Notes will convert at £0.02 per share on Admission, into a total
of 14,062,603 Ordinary Shares. On conversion, the Ordinary Shares issued to the
Rollover Investors will represent 9.57% of the Enlarged Share Capital.
B Loan Notes and B Convertible Loan Note Instrument
Pursuant to the B Loan Notes (constituted under the B Loan Note Instrument to be
issued to Pre-IPO Investors on or around or from Admission, the Company has
raised £1,075,500 that will convert on Admission into Ordinary Shares of the
Company at a 20% discount to the Placing Price and the Subscription Price. The
B Loan Notes will convert at £0.02 per share on Admission, into a total of
53,775,000 Ordinary Shares. On conversion, the Ordinary Shares issued to the
Pre-IPO Investors will represent 36.61% of the Enlarged Share Capital.
Warrant Agreements
Warrant agreements between the Company and those being issued such
warrants, whereby each of those warrant holders will have the right subscribe for
the number of Ordinary Shares set out in their respective agreements
exercisable on and from the first year from Admission until the third anniversary
of Admission at an exercise price of 2.5p.
Documents relating to the Acquisition Agreement
Smarter Web Co. Acquisition Agreement
On 24 April 2025, the Company entered into a conditional acquisition agreement
(“Acquisition Agreement”) pursuant to which it agreed to acquire 100% of the
issued share capital of The Smarter Web Company Limited.
The Company will pay £605,575 to the Sellers, payable in 25,778,732 Ordinary
Shares (the “Consideration Shares“) at a deemed share price of £0.02 per
Ordinary Share, in consideration for the acquisition under the Acquisition
Agreement and £90,000 in cash and also issue the SWCL Warrants. The
Consideration Shares shall be issued to the Sellers immediately on Admission, in
addition to delivering to the Sellers the Lock-In Agreements executed by the
Company and the Corporate Adviser in respect of Admission.
7.

DOCUMENTS AVAILABLE

7.1

The
website The website address where the following documents can be found is at
address where the www.smarterwebcompany.co.uk:
following
documents, where
(a) the up to date memorandum and articles of association of the Company; and
applicable, can be
(b) all reports, letters, and other documents, valuations and statements prepared
inspected:
by any expert at the Company’s request any part of which is included or referred
(a) the up to date to in the Document.
memorandum
and articles of
association of
the company;
(b) all
reports,
letters,
and
other
documents,
valuations and
statements

158

Disclosure
prepared
by
any expert at
the company’s
request
any
part of which is
included
or
referred to in
the document.
Availability of this Document
Copies of this Document will be available free of charge to the public during normal business hours on any
weekday (Saturdays, Sundays and public holidays excepted) from the registered office of the Company and
from the offices of Peterhouse Capital Limited at 80 Cheapside, London, EC2V 6EE and shall remain available
for at least one month after the date of Admission.

159

