BM 80801118.1

Articles of Association
of
Uranium Energy Exploration PLC
Company Number: 00092343
Adopted by Special Resolution

On 20 March 2025

Confidential
21

Company number 00092343
The Companies Act 2006
Public Company Limited by Shares
Articles of Association
of
Uranium Energy Exploration PLC
(as adopted by a special resolution passed on 20 March 2025)

PRELIMINARY

MODEL ARTICLES (AND ANY OTHER PRESCRIBED REGULATIONS) NOT TO APPLY

Notwithstanding any other provision of these Articles (as defined below), no regulations for
management of a company set out in any statute concerning companies or contained in any
regulations, order, instrument or other subordinate legislation made pursuant to a statute
(including, but not limited to, the regulations contained in the model articles of association for
public companies contained in Schedule 3 to The Companies (Model Articles) Regulations
2008 (SI 2008/3229) (as amended from time to time) shall apply to the Company (as defined
below) The following shall be the articles of association of the Company.

INTERPRETATION
Definitions
In these Articles, unless the context otherwise requires, the following definitions shall apply:

Acts means the Companies Acts and every other statute,
order, regulation, or other subordinate legislation from
time to time in force concerning companies and affecting

the Company.
address has the meaning set out in Section 1148(1), CA2006.
AIM means the AIM market of the London Stock Exchange.
approved transfer means (in relation to any shares held by a member):

(a) a transfer by way of or pursuant to acceptance of a
takeover offer for the Company (as defined for the
purposes "of Part 28, CA2006); or

(b) a transfer which is shown to the satisfaction of the
Board to be made in consequence of a bona fide
sale of the whole of the beneficial interest in the
shares to a person who is unconnected with any

BM 80801118.1 Confidential 2
Aquis

AQSE

AQSE Growth Market

Articles

Auditors

Board

CA2006

certificated

Chairman

clear days

BM 80801118.1

member and with any other person appearing to be
interested in the shares (including any such sale
made through the London Stock Exchange or
AQSE (as relevant)). For the purpose of this sub-
paragraph a connected person shall have the
meaning set out in Sections 252 to 255 (inclusive)
and Schedule 1, CA2006.

Aquis Exchange PLC, a company incorporated in
England and Wales with registered number 07909192.

means the Aquis Stock Exchange operated by Aquis.

the AQSE growth market segment operated by Aquis for
dealings in unlisted securities admitted to trading on
AQSE.

means these articles of association as altered or varied
from time to time (and "Article" means any provision of
these articles of association as altered or varied from
time to time).

means the auditors for the time being of the Company or,
in the case of joint auditors, any of them.

means the board of Directors for the time being of the
Company or the Directors present at a duly convened
meeting of Directors at which a quorum is present.

means the Companies Act 2006.

means (in relation to a share) a share which is not an
uncertificated share.

means the chairman (if any) of the Board or, where the
context requires, the chairman of a general meeting of
the Company.

means (in relation to a period of notice of a meeting or
the period before a meeting by which a request must be
received or sum deposited or tendered) the period of the
specified length, excluding the day when the notice is
served, the request received or the sum deposited or
tendered (or deemed to be served, received, deposited
or tendered) and the day of the meeting, and, unless
expressly provided to the contrary in these Articles, for
the purposes of calculating a period of clear days,
account shall be taken of all days regardless of whether
or not they are working days.

Confidential 3
Company

Conflicted Director

Corporate Governance Code

Deferred Shares

default shares

Deputy Chairman

Director

disenfranchisement notice

dividend

document

elected Ordinary Shares

electronic address

electronic form

electronic means

financial institution

Group

BM 80801118.1

means Uranium Energy Exploration PLC (registered in
England and Wales with company number 00092343).

means (in relation to a Relevant Situation) a Director who
has made a submission for authorisation in respect of
that Relevant Situation.

means the UK corporate governance code (formerly the
Combined Code) published from time to time by the
Financial Reporting Council.

means the deferred shares of £0.049 each in the capital
of the Company having the rights and being subject to
the restrictions set out in these Articles.

has the meaning set out in Article 73.1

(Disenfranchisement notice).

means the deputy chairman (if any) of the Board or,
where the context requires, the deputy chairman of a
general meeting of the Company.

means a director for the time being of the Company.

has the meaning set out in Article 73.1

(Disenfranchisement notice).
means a distribution or a bonus.

means any document, including, but not limited to, any
summons, notice, order or other legal process and
registers.

has the meaning set out in Article 141.1(g) (Authority to
pay scrip dividends).

means any address or number used for the purposes of
sending or receiving documents or information by
electronic means.

has the meaning set out in Section 1168, CA2006.
has the meaning set out in Section 1168(4), CA2006.
has the meaning set out in Section 778(2), CA2006.

means the Company and its subsidiaries and subsidiary
undertakings (as such expressions are defined in
Sections 1159 and 1162, CA2006 respectively) from time

Confidential 4
hard copy form

holder

Independent Director

London Stock Exchange

member

Office

Operator

Ordinary Shares

paid up

Participating Security

person entitled by transmission

prescribed period

recognised investment
exchange

record date

BM 80801118.1

to time, and "Group Company” means any undertaking
in the Group.

has the meaning set out in Section 1168(2), CA2006.

means (in relation to any share) the member whose
name is entered in the Register as the holder or, where
the context permits, the members whose names are
entered in the Register as the joint holders of that share.

means (in relation to Article 119 (Board authorisation of
conflicts of interest)) the Directors, other than the
Conflicted Director and any other Director(s) interested
in the Relevant Situation.

means London Stock Exchange plc.

means a member of the Company or, where the context
requires, a member of the Board or of any committee of
the Board.

means the registered office for the time being of the
Company.

means the operator as defined in the Uncertificated
Regulations of the relevant Uncertificated System.

means ordinary shares of 0.1 pence each in the capital
of the Company.

means paid up or credited as paid up.

means a share or class of shares or a renounceable right
of allotment of a share, title to which is permitted to be
transferred by means of an Uncertificated System in
accordance with the Uncertificated Regulations.

means a person whose entitlement to a share in
consequence of the death or bankruptcy of a member or
of any other event giving rise to its transmission by
operation of law has been noted in the Register.

means, in a case where the default shares represent at
least 0 25% in nominal value of their class, 14 days and
in any other case, 28 days.

has the meaning set out in Section 285, Financial
Services and Markets Act 2000.

has the meaning set out in Article 143 (Record dates).

Confidential 5
Register

Relevant Situation

Remuneration Committee

Seal

Section 793 notice

Secretary

sent or supplied
share

uncertificated

Uncertificated Regulations

Uncertificated System

United Kingdom

withdrawal notice

working day

BM 80801118.1

means the register of - members of the Company to be
kept pursuant to Section 113, CA2006 or, as the case
may be, any overseas branch register kept pursuant to
Article 107 (Overseas registers).

means a matter or situation in which a Director has, or
can have, a direct or indirect interest that conflicts, or
possibly may conflict, with the interests of the Company
(including, without limitation, in relation to the exploitation
of any property, information or opportunity, whether or
not the Company could take advantage of it).

means the committee set up in accordance with section
D.1 of the Corporate Governance Code.

means the common seal of the Company or, where the
context allows, any official seal kept by the Company
pursuant to Section 50, CA2006.

means a notice issued pursuant to Section 793, CA2006.

means the secretary for the time being of the Company
or any other person appointed to perform any of the
duties of the secretary of the Company including (subject
to the provisions of the Acts) a joint, temporary, assistant
or deputy secretary.

has the meaning set out in Section 1148(2), CA2006.
means a share in the capital of the Company.

means (in relation to a share) a share to which title may
be transferred by means of an Uncertificated System in
accordance with the Uncertificated Regulations.

means the Uncertificated Securities Regulations 2001
(SI 2001/3755), as amended and for the time being in
force.

means a relevant system (as such is defined in the
Uncertificated Regulations).

means Great Britain and Northern Ireland.

has the meaning set out in Article 73.2 (Withdrawal
notice).

means a day that is not a Saturday or Sunday, Christmas
Day, Good Friday or any day that is a bank holiday under

Confidential 6
2.2

2.3

2.4

2.5

the Banking and Financial Dealings Act 1971 in the part
of the United Kingdom where the Company is registered.

writing means printing, typewriting, lithography, photography
and any other mode or modes of representing or
reproducing words, symbols or other information in a
legible and non-transitory form (and any combination of
such forms) and “written” shall be construed
accordingly.

General interpretation

Unless the context otherwise requires:

(a) words in the singular include the plural and vice versa;

(b) words importing the masculine gender include the feminine gender;

(c) a reference to a person includes a body corporate and an unincorporated body of
persons;

(d) a reference to a “conflict of interest" shall include a conflict of interest and duty and

a conflict of duties;

(e) other than in respect of Article 2.1 (definitions) a reference to the London Stock
Exchange shall be taken to mean the relevant securities market on which the
Ordinary Shares are traded (being (as relevant) either the London Stock Exchange
or AQSE); and

(f) a reference to an Uncertificated System is a reference to the Uncertificated System
in respect of which the particular share or class of shares or renounceable right of
allotment of a share is a Participating Security.

Statutory definitions

Save as otherwise provided in sub-paragraph 2.1 of this Article 2, and unless the context
otherwise requires, words or expressions contained in these Articles shall bear the same
meaning as in the Acts.

Statutory provisions

In these Articles, a reference to any statute or provision or schedule of a statute shall include
any orders, regulations or other subordinate legislation made under it and shall, unless the
context otherwise requires, include any modification, re-enactment or re-statement of it for the
time being in force and the same principle of construction shall be applied to any order,
regulations or other subordinate legislation.

Resolutions

Where for any purpose an ordinary resolution of the Company is required, a special resolution
shall also be effective.

BM 80801118.1 Confidential 7
2.6

2.7

71

Headings

The headings are inserted for convenience only and shall not affect the construction of these
Articles.

Documents or information being sent or supplied by or to a company

References in these Articles to documents or information being sent or supplied by or to a
company (including the Company) shall be construed in accordance with the provisions of
Section 1148(3), CA2006.

PUBLIC COMPANY

The Company is to be a public company.

LIABILITY OF MEMBERS

The liability of the members is limited to the amount, if any, unpaid on the shares held by them.
DoMICILE AND OFFICE

The Office shall be situated in England and Wales at such place as the Board shall from time
to time appoint.

SHARE CAPITAL
ALLOTMENT

Subject to the provisions of the Acts and to any relevant authority of the Company in general
meeting, unissued shares at the date of adoption of these Articles and any shares hereafter
created shall be at the disposal of the Board which may allot (with or without conferring rights
of renunciation), grant options over, offer or otherwise deal with or dispose of them, or grant
rights to subscribe for or convert any security into shares, to such persons (including the
Directors themselves), at such times and generally on such terms and conditions as the Board
may decide, provided that no share shall be issued at a discount.

POWER TO ATTACH RIGHTS AND ISSUE REDEEMABLE SHARES
Rights attaching to shares

Subject to the provisions of the Acts and to any special rights for the time being attached to
any existing shares, the Company may allot or issue any shares or have attached to them such
preferred, deferred or other special rights or restrictions whether in regard to dividends, voting,
transfer, return of capital or otherwise as the Company may from time to time by ordinary
resolution determine or if no such resolution has been passed or so far as the resolution does
not make specific provision, as the Board may determine.

BM 80801118.1 Confidential 8
7.2

7.3

7.4

8.1

Power to issue redeemable shares

Subject to the provisions of the Acts and to any special rights for the time being attached to
any existing shares, any share may be issued which is, or at the option of the Company or of
the holder of such share, liable to be redeemed.

Terms, conditions and manner of redemption

Subject to the provisions of the CA2006 and save as otherwise provided in these Articles, the
Directors may determine the terms, conditions and manner of redemption of any redeemable
shares provided they must do so before the shares are allotted.

Deferred shares

The Deferred Shares shall be a separate class of shares from the Ordinary Shares and the
Deferred Shares will:

(a) only be transferrable with the Board's consent and not admitted to trading on any
exchange including, but not limited to, any recognised investment exchange;

(b) subject to Article 7.4(c), not entitle any holder thereof shall not be entitled to receive
any dividend or distribution;

(c) not entitle the holders thereof to any certificate or other document of title in respect
thereof;
(d) entitle the holders thereof on any return of capital once the holders of Ordinary

Shares have first received a return on capital of £1,000,000 in respect of each
Ordinary Shares held by them; and

(e) The Deferred Shares may be redeemed by the Company at any time at its option
for one penny for all the Deferred Shares registered in the name of any holder
without obtaining the sanction of the holder or holders.

(f) will not entitle the holders thereof to receive notice of, attend, to speak or to vote at
any general meeting of the Company.

The creation or issue of Deferred Shares shall be deemed to confer irrevocable authority on
the Directors at any time after their creation or issue to appoint any person to execute or give
on behalf of the holders of those shares a transfer of them to such person or persons as the
Company may lawfully determine.

SHARE WARRANTS
Power to issue share warrants

The Company may with respect to any fully paid shares, issue a warrant (a "share warrant")
stating that the bearer of the warrant is entitled to the shares specified in it and may provide
(by coupons or otherwise) for the payment of future dividends on the shares included in a
share warrant and a share warrant may be issued in any manner that a share certificate may
be issued pursuant to these Articles.

BM 80801118.1 Confidential 9
8.2

10

11

Conditions attaching to warrants

The powers referred to in Article 8.1 (Power to issue share warrants) may be exercised by the
Board, which may determine and vary the conditions on which share warrants shall be issued
and in particular on which:

(a) anew share warrant or coupon will be issued in the place of one damaged,
defaced, worn out or lost (provided that no new share warrant shall be issued to
replace one that has been lost unless the Board is satisfied beyond reasonable
doubt that the original has been destroyed);

(b) the bearer of a share warrant shall be entitled to receive notice of and to attend,
vote and demand a poll at general meetings;

(c) dividends will be paid; and

(d) a share warrant may be surrendered and the name of the holder entered in the
Register in respect of the shares specified in it.

Subject to such conditions and to these Articles, the bearer of a share warrant shall be deemed
to be a member for all purposes. The bearer of a share warrant shall be subject to the
conditions for the time being in force and applicable thereto whether made before or after the
issue of such share warrant.

COMMISSION AND BROKERAGE

The Company may exercise the powers conferred by the Acts to pay commissions or
brokerage to any person in consideration of his subscribing or agreeing to subscribe (whether
absolutely or conditionally) for any shares in the Company, or procuring or agreeing to procure
subscriptions (whether absolute or conditional) for any shares in the Company to the full extent
permitted by the Acts. Subject to the provisions of the Acts, any such commission or brokerage
may be satisfied by the payment of cash, the allotment of fully or partly paid shares, the grant
of an option to call for an allotment of shares or any combination of such methods.

TRUSTS NOT TO BE RECOGNISED

Except as otherwise expressly provided by these Articles, as required by law or as ordered by
a court of competent jurisdiction, the Company shall not recognise any person as holding any
share on any trust and (except as aforesaid) the Company shall not be bound by or recognise
(even if having notice of it) any equitable, contingent, future, partial or other claim to or interest
in any share or any interest in any fractional part of a share except an absolute right of the
holder or (in the case of a share warrant) of the bearer of the warrant, to the whole of the share.

RENUNCIATION OF SHARES

Subject to the provisions of the Acts and of these Articles, the Directors may at any time after
the allotment of any share but before any person has been entered in the Register as the
holder recognise a renunciation of it by the allottee in favour of some other person and may
accord to any allottee of a share the right to effect such renunciation upon and subject to such
terms and conditions as the Directors may think fit to impose.

BM 80801118.1 Confidential 10
12

12.1

12.2

13

13.1

13.2

FRACTIONS
Power to deal with fractional entitlements

Whenever as the result of any consolidation, division or sub-division of shares any member
would become entitled to fractions of a share, the Board may deal with the fractions as it thinks
fit and in particular (but without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing) the Board may
determine which of the shares of such holder are to be treated as giving rise to such fractional
entitlement and may decide that any of those shares shall be consolidated with any of the
shares of any other holder or holders which are similarly determined by it to be treated as
giving rise to a fractional entitlement for such other holder or holders into a single consolidated
share and the Board may on behalf of all such holders, sell such consolidated share for the
best price reasonably obtained to any person (including the Company) and distribute the net
proceeds of sale after deduction of the expenses of sale in due proportion among those holders
(except that any amount otherwise due to a holder, being less than £3 or such other sum as
the Board may from time to time determine may be retained for the benefit of the Company).

Sale of fractions

For the purposes of any sale of consolidated shares pursuant to Article 12.1 (Power to deal
with fractional entitlements), the Board may in the case of certificated shares authorise some
person to execute an instrument of transfer of the shares to or in accordance with the directions
of the purchaser or in the case of uncertificated shares exercise any power conferred on it by
Article 19.5 (Forfeiture and sale), and the transferee shall not be bound to see to the application
of the purchase money in respect of any such sale, nor shall his title to the shares be affected
by any irregularity in or invalidity of the proceedings in reference to the sale or transfer and any
instrument or exercise shall be effective as if it had been executed or exercised by the holder
of the fractional entitlement to which it relates.

PURCHASE OF OWN SHARES
Power to enter into share buy back agreements

Subject to the provisions of the Acts and to any rights for the time being attached to any shares,
the Company may enter into any contract for the purchase of any of its own shares of any
class (including any redeemable shares) and any contract under which it may, subject to any
conditions, become entitled or obliged to purchase all or any of such shares Any shares to be
so purchased may be selected in any manner whatsoever provided that if at the relevant date
proposed for approval of the proposed purchase there shall be in issue any shares of a class
entitling the holders to convert into equity share capital of the Company then no such purchase
shall take place unless it has been sanctioned by a special resolution passed at a separate
general meeting (or meetings if there is more than one class) of the holders of such class of
convertible shares.

Class rights

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in these Articles (other than the proviso in
Article 13.1 (Power to enter into share buy back agreements)), the rights attached to any class
of shares shall be deemed not to be varied by anything done by the Company or the Directors
pursuant to this Article.

BM 80801118.1 Confidential 11
14

15

16

VARIATION OF CLASS RIGHTS
SANCTION TO VARIATION

Subject to the provisions of the Acts, if at any time the share capital of the Company is divided
into shares of different classes, any of the rights for the time being attached to any share or
class of shares in the Company (and notwithstanding that the Company may be or be about
to be in liquidation) may (unless otherwise provided by the terms of issue of the shares of that
class) be varied or abrogated in such manner (if any) as may be provided by such rights or, in
the absence of any such provision, either with the consent in writing of the holders of not less
than seventy-five per cent. (75%) in nominal value of the issued shares of the class (excluding
any shares of that class held as treasury shares) or with the sanction of a special resolution
passed at a separate general meeting of the holders of shares of the class duly convened and
held as provided in these Articles (but not otherwise). The foregoing provisions of this Article
shall apply also to the variation or abrogation of the special rights attached to some only of the
shares of any class as if each group of shares of the class differently treated formed a separate
class the separate rights of which are to be varied. Subject to the terms of issue or the rights
attached to any shares, the rights or privileges attached to any class of shares shall be deemed
not to be varied or abrogated by the Board resolving that a class of shares is to become or to
cease to be a Participating Security.

CLASS MEETINGS

Save as provided in the Acts, all the provisions in these Articles as to general meetings shall
mutatis mutandis apply to every meeting of the holders of any class of shares, save that in the
case of a meeting held in connection with the variation or abrogation of the rights attached to
the shares of the class:

(a) subject to paragraph (d) of this Article 15, the quorum at every such meeting shall
be not less than two (2) persons present holding or representing by proxy at least
one-third in nominal value of the issued shares of the class in question (excluding
any shares of that class held as treasury shares);

(b) every holder of shares of the class in question present in person or by proxy may
demand a poll;
(c) each such holder shall on a poll be entitled to one (1) vote for every share of the

class held by him;

(d) if at any adjourned meeting of such holders, such quorum as aforesaid is not
present, not less than one (1) person holding shares of the class who is present in
person or by proxy shall be a quorum; and

(e) where a person is present by proxy or proxies, he is treated as holding only the
shares in respect of which those proxies are authorised to exercise voting rights.

DEEMED VARIATION

Subject to the terms on which any shares may be issued, the rights or privileges attached to
any class of shares shall be deemed to be varied or abrogated by the reduction of the capital
paid up on such shares or by the allotment of further shares ranking in priority for the payment
of a dividend or in respect of capital or howsoever or which confer on the holders voting rights

BM 80801118.1 Confidential 12
17

17.1

17.2

17.3

17.4

17.5

more favourable than those conferred by such first mentioned shares but shall not be deemed
to be varied or abrogated by the creation or issue of any new shares ranking pari passu in all
respects (save as to the date from which such new shares shall rank for dividend) with or
subsequent to those already issued or by the purchase or redemption by the Company of its
own shares in accordance with the provisions of the Acts and these Articles.

SHARE CERTIFICATES
RIGHT TO CERTIFICATES
Issue of certificates

(a) Subject to Article 17.6, (Certificates on surrender of share warrants) on becoming
the holder of any certificated share every person (except a financial institution in
respect of whom the Company is not by law required to complete and have ready
for delivery a certificate) shall be entitled without charge to have issued within two
(2) months after allotment or lodgement of a transfer (unless the terms of issue of
the shares provide otherwise) one certificate for all the certificated shares of any
one class registered in his name and to a separate certificate for each class of
certificated shares so registered.

(b) Such certificate shall specify the number, class and distinguishing numbers of any)
of the shares in respect of which it is issued and the amount or respective amounts
paid up on them.

(c) Such certificate shall be issued either under the Seal (which may be affixed to it or
printed on it) or in such other manner having the same effect as if issued under the
Seal and, having regard to the provisions of the Acts and the rules and regulations
applicable to any recognised investment exchange(s) to which the Company's
shares are admitted (or any other stock exchange on which the company's shares
are normally traded), as the Board may approve.

Distinguishing numbers

If and so long as all the issued shares of the Company or all the issued shares of a particular
class are fully paid up and rank pari passu for all purposes then none of those shares shall
bear a distinguishing number. In all other cases each share shall bear a distinguishing number.

Issue of certificates to joint holders

The Company shall not be bound to issue more than one certificate in respect of certificated
shares held jointly by 2 or more persons Delivery of a certificate to the person first named on
the register shall be sufficient delivery to all joint holders.

Balancing certificates

Where a member (other than a financial institution) has transferred part only of the shares
comprised in a certificate he shall be entitled without charge to a certificate for the balance of
such certificated shares.

Restrictions on certificates

No certificate shall be issued representing certificated shares of more than one class.

BM 80801118.1 Confidential 13
17.6

18

18.1

18.2

18.3

18.4

19

19.1

Certificates on surrender of share warrants

Save as provided to the contrary in any relevant share warrant instrument, Section 780(1),
CA2006 shall not apply to the Company.

REPLACEMENT CERTIFICATES
Consolidation of certificates

Any two (2) or more certificates representing shares of any one class held by any member may
at his request be cancelled and a single new certificate for such shares issued in lieu, subject
to the payment of such reasonable fee, if any, as the Board may determine, on surrender of
the original certificates for cancellation.

Splitting share certificates

If any member shall surrender for cancellation a share certificate representing certificated
shares held by him and request the Company to issue in lieu two or more share certificates
representing such certificated shares in such proportions as he may specify, the Board may, if
it thinks fit, comply with such request subject to the payment of such fee (if any) as it may
determine.

Renewal or replacement

Share certificates may be renewed or replaced on such terms as to provision of evidence and
indemnity (with or without security) and to payment of any exceptional out-of-pocket expenses
(including those incurred by the Company in investigating such evidence and preparing such
indemnity and security) as the Board may decide, and on surrender of the original certificate
(where it is defaced or worn out) but without any further charge.

Request for replacement by joint holders

In the case of shares held jointly by several persons, any such request as is mentioned in this
Article 18 (Replacement certificates) may be made by any one of the joint holders.

UNCERTIFICATED SHARES
Participating security

The Board may resolve that a class of shares is to become, or is to cease to be, a Participating
Security. Shares of a class shall not be treated as forming a separate class from other shares
of the same class as a consequence only of such shares being held in uncertificated form. Any
share of a class which is a Participating Security may be changed from an uncertificated share
to a certificated share and from a certificated share to an uncertificated share in accordance
with the Uncertificated Regulations. For any purpose under these Articles, the Company may
treat a member's holding of uncertificated shares and of certificated shares of the same class
as if they were separate holdings, unless the Board otherwise decides.

BM 80801118.1 Confidential 14
19.2

19.3

19.4

19.5

Application of Articles

These Articles apply to uncertificated shares of a class which is a Participating Security only
to the extent that these Articles are consistent with the holding of such shares in uncertificated
form, with the transfer of title to such shares by means of the Uncertificated System and with
the Uncertificated Regulations.

Board regulations
The Board may lay down regulations not included in these Articles which:

(a) apply to the issue, holding or transfer of uncertificated shares (in addition to or in
substitution for any such provisions in these Articles);

(b) set out (where appropriate) the procedures for conversion and/or redemption of
uncertificated shares; and/or

(c) in each case which are necessary to ensure that these Articles are consistent with
the Uncertificated Regulations and/or the Operator's rules and practices and such
regulations will apply instead of any relevant provisions in these Articles which
relate to certificates and the transfer, conversion and redemption of shares or
which are not consistent with the Uncertificated Regulations, in all cases to the
extent (if any) stated in such regulations. If the Board makes any such regulations,
Article 19.2 (Application of Articles) will (for the avoidance of doubt) continue to
apply to these Articles, when read in conjunction with those regulations.

Instructions via an uncertificated system

Any instruction given by means of an Uncertificated System as referred to in these Articles
shall be a dematerialised instruction given in accordance with the Uncertificated Regulations,
the facilities and requirements of the Uncertificated System and the Operator's rules and
practices.

Forfeiture and sale

Where the Company is entitled (under the Acts, the Operator's rules and practices, these
Articles or otherwise) to dispose of, forfeit, enforce a lien over or sell or otherwise procure the
sale of any shares of a class which is a Participating Security and which are held in
uncertificated form, the Board may take such steps (subject to the Uncertificated Regulations
and to such rules and practices) as may be required or appropriate, by instruction by means
of an Uncertificated System or otherwise, to effect such disposal, forfeiture, enforcement or
sale including by (without limitation):

(a) requesting or requiring the deletion of any computer-based entries in the
Uncertificated System relating to the holding of such shares in uncertificated form;

(b) altering such computer-based entries so as to divest the holder of such shares of
the power to transfer such shares other than to a person selected or approved by
the Company for the purpose of such transfer;

(c) requiring any holder of such shares, by notice in writing to him, to change his
holding of such uncertificated shares into certificated form within any specified
period;

BM 80801118.1 Confidential 15
20

21

211

21.2

21.3

(d) requiring any holder of such shares to take such steps as may be necessary to sell
or transfer such shares as directed by the Company;

(e) otherwise rectify or change the Register in respect of any such shares in such
manner as the Board considers appropriate (including, without limitation, by
entering the name of a transferee into the Register as the next holder of such
shares); and/or

(f) appointing any person to take any steps in the name of any holder of such shares
as may be required to change such shares from uncertificated form to certificated
form and/or to effect the transfer of such shares (and such steps shall be effective
as if they had been taken by such holder).

LIEN ON SHARES
LIEN ON SHARES NOT FULLY PAID

The Company shall have a first and paramount lien on any of its shares which are not fully
paid, but only to the extent and in the circumstances permitted by Section 670, CA2006. The
lien shall also extend to all distributions and other moneys from time to time declared or
payable in respect of such share. The Board may waive any lien which has arisen and may
resolve that any share shall for some limited period be exempt wholly or partially from the
provisions of this Article. Unless otherwise determined by the Board, the registration of a
transfer of a share shall operate as a waiver of the Company's lien (if any) on that share.

ENFORCEMENT OF LIEN BY SALE
Power of sale

The Company may sell in any manner decided by the Board all or any of the shares subject to
any lien at such time or times and in such manner as it may determine, save that no sale shall
be made until such time as the moneys in respect of which such lien exists or some part of
them are or is presently payable, or the liability or engagement in respect of which such lien
exists is liable to be presently fulfilled or discharged, and until a demand and notice in writing
stating the amount due, or specifying the liability or engagement and demanding payment or
fulfilment or discharge of them, and giving notice of intention to sell in default, shall have been
served on the holder or the persons (if any) entitled by transmission to the shares and default
in payment, fulfilment or discharge shall have been made by him or them for 14 clear days
after service of such notice.

Title

A statutory declaration in writing that the declarant is a Director or the Secretary of the
Company and that a share has been duly forfeited or surrendered or sold to satisfy a lien of
the Company on a date stated in the declaration shall be conclusive evidence of the facts
stated in it as against all persons claiming to be entitled to the share.

Perfection of transfer

In order to give effect to any such sale, the Board may in the case of certificated shares
authorise some person to execute an instrument of transfer of the shares sold in the name and
on behalf of the holder or the persons entitled by transmission in favour of the purchaser or as

BM 80801118.1 Confidential 16
22

23

24

the purchaser may direct and in the case of uncertificated shares exercise any power conferred
on it by Article 19.5 (Forfeiture and sale) to effect a transfer of the shares The purchaser shall
not be bound to see to the application of the purchase money in respect of any such sale and
the title of the transferee to the shares shall not be affected by any irregularity in or invalidity
of the proceedings in reference to the sale. Any instrument or exercise shall be effective as if
it had been executed or exercised by the holder of, or the person entitled by transmission to,
the shares to which it relates.

APPLICATION OF PROCEEDS OF SALE.

The net proceeds of any sale of shares subject to any lien after payment of the costs shall be
applied in or towards satisfaction of so much of the amount due to the Company or of the
liability or engagement (as the case may be) as is presently payable or is liable to be presently
fulfilled or discharged. The balance (if any) shall be paid to the former shareholder or to any
other person who would otherwise be automatically entitled to the shares by law In the case
of certificated shares such payment shall only be made on surrender to the Company for
cancellation of the certificate for the shares sold In any event, the Company's lien shall also
apply to any money left over to cover any money still due to the Company which is not yet
payable.

CALLS ON SHARES
CALLS

Subject to the terms of allotment of shares, the Board may from time to time make calls on the
members in respect of any moneys unpaid on the shares or any class of shares held by them
respectively (whether in respect of nominal value or premium) and not payable on a date fixed
by or in accordance with the terms of issue provided that no call on any share shall be payable
within one month from the date fixed for the payment of the last preceding call. Each member
shall (subject to receiving at least fourteen (14) clear days’ notice specifying when and where
payment is to be made and whether or not by instalments) be liable to pay the amount of every
call so made on him as required by the notice. A call shall be deemed to have been made at
the time when the resolution of the Board authorising such call was passed or (as the case
may require) any person to whom power has been delegated pursuant to these Articles serves
notice of exercise of such power. A call may be required to be paid by instalments and may
before receipt by the Company of any sum due under it be either revoked or postponed in
whole or part as regards all or any such members as the Board may determine. A person on
whom a call is made shall remain liable notwithstanding the subsequent transfer of the shares
in respect of which the call was made. The joint holders of a share shall be jointly and severally
liable for the payment of all calls in respect of them.

INTEREST ON CALLS

If the whole of the sum payable in respect of any call is not paid on or before the day appointed
for payment, the person from whom it is due and payable shall pay all reasonable costs,
charges and expenses that the Company may have incurred by reason of such non-payment
together with interest on the unpaid amount from the day appointed for payment thereof to the
time of actual payment at the rate fixed by the terms of the allotment of the share or, if no rate
is so fixed, at such rate, not exceeding fifteen per cent (15%) per annum, as the Board shall

BM 80801118.1 Confidential 17
25

26

27

28

29

determine and specify in the notice of the call. The Board may waive payment of such costs,
charges, expenses or interest in whole or in part.

RIGHTS OF MEMBER WHEN CALL UNPAID

No member shall be entitled to receive any dividend or to be present and vote at any general
meeting either personally or (save as proxy for another member) by proxy, or be reckoned in
a quorum or to exercise any other privilege as a member unless and until he shall have paid
all calls for the time being due and payable on every share held by him, whether alone or jointly
with any other person, together with interest and expenses (if any).

SUMS DUE ON ALLOTMENT TREATED AS CALLS

Any sum payable in respect of a share on allotment or at any fixed date whether in respect of
the nominal value of the share or by way of premium or as an instalment of a call shall for all
purposes of these Articles be deemed to be a call duly made, notified and payable on the date
on which, by the terms of allotment or in the notice of call, it becomes payable. If it is not paid,
the provisions of these Articles shall apply as if such amount had become due and payable by
virtue of a call duly made and notified.

POWER TO DIFFERENTIATE

The Board may make arrangements on the allotment or issue of shares for a difference as
between the allottees or holders of such shares in the amount and time of payment of calls.

PAYMENT IN ADVANCE OF CALLS.

The Board may if it thinks fit receive from any member willing to advance it all or any part of
the moneys uncalled and unpaid on the shares held by him. Such payment in advance of calls
shall extinguish only to that extent the liability on the shares on which it is made. The Company
may pay interest on the money paid in advance or so much of it as exceeds the amount for
the time being called up on the shares in respect of which such advance has been made at
such rate not exceeding fifteen per cent. (15%) per annum as the Board may decide until and
to the extent that it would, but for the advance, become payable. The Board may at any time
repay the amount so advanced on giving to such member not less than 14 clear days' notice
in writing of its intention in that regard, unless before the expiration of such notice the amount
so advanced shall have been called up on the shares in respect of which it was advanced. No
sum paid in advance of calls shall entitle the holder of a share in respect of them to any portion
of a dividend subsequently declared in respect of any period prior to the date upon which such
sum would, but for such payment, become payable.

FORFEITURE OF SHARES
NOTICE IF CALL NOT PAID

If any member fails to pay the whole of any call or any instalment of any call on or before the
day appointed for payment the Board may at any time serve a notice in writing on such
member, or on any person entitled to the shares by transmission, requiring payment, on a date
not less than 14 clear days from the date of the notice, of the amount unpaid and any interest
which may have accrued on it and any reasonable costs, charges and expenses incurred by

BM 80801118.1 Confidential 18
30

31

32

33

the Company by reason of such non-payment The notice shall name the place where the
payment is to be made and state that, if the notice is not complied with, the shares in respect
of which such call was made will be liable to be forfeited.

FORFEITURE FOR NON-COMPLIANCE

If the notice referred to in Article 29 (Notice if call not paid) is not complied with, any share in
respect of which it was given may, at any time after the date appointed for payment pursuant
to the notice, be forfeited by a resolution of the Board to that effect such forfeiture shall include
all dividends declared or other moneys payable in respect of the forfeited shares and not paid
before the forfeiture, and shall be deemed to occur at the time of the passing of the said
resolution of the Board.

NOTICE AFTER FORFEITURE

When any share has been forfeited notice of the forfeiture shall be served on the person who
was before forfeiture the holder of the share or the person entitled to such share by
transmission (as the case may be). An entry of such notice having been given and of the
forfeiture with the date of it shall forthwith be made in the Register in respect of such share
together with a note that dealings are not permitted in the share. However, no forfeiture shall
be invalidated by any omission to give such notice or to make such entry as aforesaid.

FORFEITURE MAY BE ANNULLED

The Board may at any time before any share so forfeited has been cancelled or sold, re-allotted
or otherwise disposed of annul the forfeiture, on the terms that payment shall be made of all
calls and interest due thereon and all expenses incurred in respect of the share and on such
further terms (if any) as the Board shall see fit.

SURRENDER

The Board may accept a surrender of any share liable to be forfeited under these Articles upon
such terms and conditions as may be agreed and, subject to any such terms and conditions,
a surrendered share shall be treated as if it had been forfeited. In such case, references in
these Articles to forfeiture shall include surrender.

DISPOSAL OF FORFEITED SHARES

Every share which shall be forfeited shall thereupon become the property of the Company.
The Company shall not exercise any voting rights in respect of such a share. Subject to the
provisions of the Acts, any such share may be sold, re-allotted or otherwise disposed of either
to the person who was before forfeiture its holder or entitled to it or to any other person on
such terms and in such manner as the Board shall determine and, in the case of re-allotment,
whether with or without all or any part of the amount previously paid up on the share being
treated as so paid up. The Board may, for the purposes of the disposal in the case of
certificated shares, authorise some person to transfer the share in question and may enter the
name of the transferee in respect of the transferred share in the Register notwithstanding the
absence of any share certificate being lodged in respect of it and may issue a new certificate
to the transferee in respect of certificated shares transferred to it. An instrument of transfer
executed by that person shall be as effective as if it had been executed by the holder of or the

BM 80801118.1 Confidential 19
35

36

37

38

person entitled by transmission to the share. In the case of uncertificated shares the Board
may exercise any power conferred on it by Article 19.5 (Forfeiture and sale) to effect a transfer
of the shares. The Company may, if the Board considers it just and equitable to do so, receive
the consideration (if any) given for the share on its disposal.

EFFECT OF FORFEITURE

A member whose shares have been forfeited shall cease to be a member in respect of the
shares forfeited and shall in the case of a certificated share surrender to the Company for
cancellation the certificate for such shares. He shall nevertheless be liable (unless payment is
waived in whole or in part by the Directors) to pay to the Company all calls made and not paid
on such shares at the time of forfeiture, and interest on them from the date of the forfeiture to
the date of payment at the rate at which interest was payable on those amounts before the
forfeiture or, if no interest was so payable, at such rate not exceeding fifteen per cent. (15%)
per annum as the Board may determine, in the same manner in all respects as if the shares
had not been forfeited, and to satisfy all (if any) claims, demands and liabilities which the
Company might have enforced in respect of the shares at the time of forfeiture without any
reduction or allowance for the value of the shares at the time of forfeiture or for any
consideration received on the disposal.

EXTINCTION OF CLAIMS

The forfeiture of a share shall include all dividends and other payments or distributions
declared in respect of the forfeited shares and not paid or distributed before forfeiture.

EVIDENCE OF FORFEITURE

A statutory declaration by a Director or the Secretary that a share has been forfeited in
pursuance of these Articles and stating the date on which it was forfeited shall as against all
persons claiming to be entitled to the share, adversely to, its forfeiture, be conclusive evidence
of the facts stated in it. The declaration, together with the receipt of the Company for the
consideration (if any) given for the share on its sale or disposition and a certificate for the share
delivered to the person to whom it is sold or disposed of, shall (subject if necessary to the
execution of an instrument of transfer) constitute a good title to the share. Subject to the
execution of any necessary transfer in the case of a certificated share, such person shall be
registered as the holder of the share and shall be discharged from all calls made prior to such
sale or disposition and shall not be bound to see to the application of the purchase money or
other consideration (if any) nor shall his title to the share be affected by any act, omission or
irregularity relating to or connected with the proceedings in reference to the forfeiture or
disposal of the share. Such person shall not (except by express agreement with the Company)
become entitled to any dividend which might have accrued on the share before the completion
of the sale or disposition thereof.

TRANSFER OF SHARES
FORM OF TRANSFER

Each member may transfer all or any of his shares, in the case of certificated shares, by
instrument of transfer in writing in any usual form or in any form approved by the Board, or, in
the case of uncertificated shares, without a written instrument in accordance with the

BM 80801118.1 Confidential 20
39

39.1

39.2

39.3

Uncertificated Regulations. Any written instrument shall be executed by or on behalf of the
transferor and (in the case of a transfer of a share which is not fully paid up) by or on behalf of
the transferee The transferor shall be deemed to remain the holder of such share until the
name of the transferee is entered in the Register in respect of it.

RIGHT TO REFUSE REGISTRATION
Registration of certificated share transfer

The Board may in its absolute discretion refuse to register any transfer of a certificated share
unless it is:

(a) in respect of a share which is fully paid up;

(b) in respect of a share on which the Company has no lien;

(c) in respect of only one class of shares;

(d) in favour of a single transferee or not more than four joint transferees;

(e) duly stamped (if so required); and

(fy) delivered for registration to the Office, or such other place as the Board may from

time to time determine, accompanied (except in the case of a transfer by a financial
institution where a certificate has not been issued) by the certificate for the shares
to which it relates and such other evidence as the Board may reasonably require to
prove the title of the transferor and the due execution by him of the transfer or if the
transfer is executed by some other person on his behalf, the authority of that
person to do so,

provided that such discretion may not be exercised in such a way as to prevent dealings in
such shares from taking place on an open and proper basis.

Registration of an uncertificated share transfer

The Board shall register a transfer of title to any uncertificated share or the renunciation or
transfer of any renounceable right of allotment of a share which is a Participating Security held
in uncertificated form in accordance with the Uncertificated Regulations, except that the Board
may refuse (subject to any relevant requirements applicable to the recognised investment
exchange(s) to which the shares of the Company are admitted (or to any other stock exchange
on which the Company's shares are normally traded)) to register any such transfer or
renunciation which is in favour of more than 4 persons jointly or in any other circumstance
permitted by the Uncertificated Regulations.

Transfers to minors, bankrupts or mentally disordered persons

No transfer of any share shall be made:

(a) toa minor; or
(b) to a bankrupt; or
(c) to any person who is, or may be, suffering from mental disorder and either:

BM 80801118.1 Confidential 21
40

41

42

43

(i) has been admitted to hospital in pursuance of an application for admission
for treatment under the Mental Health Act 1983 or any similar statute
relating to mental health (whether in the United Kingdom or elsewhere); or

(ii) an order has been made by any court having jurisdiction (whether in the
United Kingdom or elsewhere) in matters concerning mental disorder for
his detention or for the appointment of a receiver, curator bonis or other
person to exercise powers with respect to his property or affairs,

and the Directors shall refuse to register the purported transfer of a share to any such person.
NOTICE OF AND REASONS FOR REFUSAL

If the Board refuses to register a transfer of a share it shall, within two (2) months after the date
on which the transfer was lodged with the Company, send notice of the refusal to the transferee
together with its reasons for the refusal. Any instrument of transfer which the Board refuses to
register shall (except in the case of suspected fraud) be returned to the person depositing it.
All instruments of transfer which are registered may be retained by the Company.

NO FEES ON REGISTRATION

No fee shall be charged for registration of a transfer or on the registration of any probate, letters
of administration, certificate of death or marriage, power of attorney, notice or other instrument
relating to or affecting the title to any shares or otherwise for making any entry in the Register
affecting the title to any shares.

TRANSMISSION OF SHARES
ON DEATH

If a member dies, the survivors or survivor where he was a joint holder and his executors, or
administrators, where he was a sole or the only survivor of joint holders shall be the only
persons recognised by the Company as having any title to his shares. Nothing in these Articles
shall release the estate of a deceased member from any liability in respect of any share which
has been solely or jointly held by him.

ELECTION OF PERSON ENTITLED BY TRANSMISSION

Any person entitled to a share by transmission, may, on such evidence as to his title being
produced as the Board may reasonably require, elect either to become registered as a member
or to have some person nominated by him registered as a member If he elects to become
registered himself he shall give written notice signed by him to the Company to that effect. If
he elects to have some other person registered he shall, in the case of a certificated share,
execute an instrument of transfer of such shares to that person and, in the case of an
uncertificated share, either procure that all appropriate instructions are given by means of the
Uncertificated System to effect the transfer of such share to such person or change the
uncertificated share to certificated form and then execute an instrument of transfer of such
share to such person. All the provisions of these Articles relating to the transfer of shares shall
apply to the notice, instrument of transfer or instructions (as the case may be) as if it were an
instrument of transfer executed or instructions given by the member and his death, bankruptcy
or other event had not occurred and any notice or transfer were executed by such member.

BM 80801118.1 Confidential 22
44

45

45.1

46

47

47.1

47.2

Where the entitlement of a person to a share in consequence of the death or bankruptcy of a
member or of any other event giving rise to its transmission by operation of law is proved to
the satisfaction of the Board, the Board shall, within 2 months after proof, cause the entitlement
of that person to be noted in the Register.

RIGHTS ON TRANSMISSION

Where a person is entitled to a share by transmission, the rights of the holder in relation to
such share shall cease. However, the person so entitled may give a good discharge for any
dividends and other moneys payable in respect of it and shall have the same rights to which
he would be entitled if he were the holder of the share except that he shall not before he is
registered as the holder of the share be entitled in respect of it to give notice of or to attend or
vote at any meeting of the Company or at any separate meeting of the holders of any class of
shares of the Company. The Board may at any time give notice requiring any such person to
elect either to be registered himself or to transfer the share. If the notice is not complied with
within 60 days the Board may thereafter withhold payment of all dividends and other moneys
payable in respect of such share until the requirements of the notice have been complied with.

GENERAL MEETINGS
ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGS
Board determination of place and time of annual general meeting

Subject to the provisions of the Acts, annual general meetings shall be held at such time and
place as the Board may determine.

CONVENING OF GENERAL MEETINGS,

The Board may convene a general meeting whenever it thinks fit. A general meeting shall also
be convened by the Board on a member's requisition in accordance with Sections 303 and
304, CA2006 or, in default, may be convened by the members requisitioning such meeting in
accordance with Section 305, CA2006. At any general meeting convened no business shall
be transacted except that proposed by the Board or by the members (as the case may be).

NOTICE OF GENERAL MEETINGS
Length of notice

A general meeting of the Company (other than an adjourned meeting) shall be called by notice
of:

(a) in the case of an annual general meeting, at least twenty-one (21) clear days; and
(b) in any other case, at least fourteen (14) clear days.
Short notice

Subject to the provisions of the Acts, and notwithstanding that it is convened by shorter notice
than that specified in Article 47.1 (Length of notice), a general meeting shall be deemed to
have been duly convened if it is so agreed:

BM 80801118.1 Confidential 23
47.3

ATA

47.5

476

(a) in the case of an annual general meeting, by all the members entitled to attend and
vote at the meeting; and

(b) in the case of any other general meeting, by a majority in number of the members
having a right to attend and vote at the meeting, being a majority who together hold
not less than ninety-five (95%) in nominal value of the shares giving that right
(excluding any shares in the Company held as treasury shares).

Form and content of notice

Every notice convening a general meeting shall specify:

(a) the place, the date and the time of the meeting;
(b) the general nature of the business to be dealt with at the meeting;
(c) if the meeting is convened to consider a special resolution, the text of the resolution

and intention to propose the resolution as a special resolution;

(d) with reasonable prominence, that a member is entitled to appoint another person
(who does not have to be a member) as his proxy to exercise all or any rights of his
to attend, speak and vote at the meeting and that a member may appoint more
than one proxy in relation to the meeting (provided that each proxy is appointed to
exercise the rights attached to a different share or shares held by him) and shall
also specify any more extensive rights (if any) conferred by these Articles to
appoint more than one proxy; and

(e) in the case of notice convening an annual general meeting only, the notice shall
specify that the meeting will be an annual general meeting.

Manner in which notice to be given

Subject to the provisions of these Articles, notice of a general meeting of the Company may
be given:

(a) in hard copy form;
(b) in electronic form; or
(c) by means of a website,

or partly by one such means and partly by another and the provisions of Articles 151 to 159
(inclusive) (Communications) shall apply accordingly.

Sending documents relating to meetings in electronic form

Subject to any conditions or limitations specified in the notice, where the Company has given
an electronic address in a notice calling a meeting, any document or information relating to
proceedings at the meeting may be sent by electronic means to that address.

Publication of notice of meeting on website

If (to the extent permitted by these Articles, the Acts or otherwise) the Company gives notice
of a meeting by means of a website, it shall notify each member of the presence of the notice

BM 80801118.1 Confidential 24
47.7

48

49

50

on the website and such notification shall (in addition to any other notification requirements
regarding communication by means of a website provided pursuant to Article 153.4
(Notification of availability on website), by the Acts or otherwise):

(a) state that it concerns a notice of a company meeting;
(b) specify the place, date and time of the meeting; and
(c) state whether the meeting will be an annual general meeting,

and the notice of the meeting shall be available on the website throughout the period beginning
with the date of the notification and ending with the conclusion of the meeting.

Entitlement to receive notice

The notice shall be given to the members (other than any who under the provisions of these
Articles or of any restrictions imposed on any shares are not entitled to receive notice from the
Company), to the Directors and to the Auditors and if more than one for the time being, to each
of them.

ACCIDENTAL FAILURE TO GIVE NOTICE OF RESOLUTION OR MEETING

The accidental failure to give notice of general meeting or, in cases where it is intended that it
be sent out with the notice, an instrument of proxy, or to give notice of a resolution intended to
be moved at a general meeting to, or the non-receipt of any of them by, any person or persons
entitled to receive the same shall not invalidate the proceedings at that meeting and shall be
disregarded for the purpose of determining whether the notice of the meeting, instrument of
proxy or resolution were duly given.

PROCEEDINGS AT GENERAL MEETINGS
QuoruM

No business shall be transacted at any general meeting unless a quorum is present when the
meeting proceeds to business but the absence of a quorum shall not preclude the choice or
appointment of a Chairman which shall not be treated as part of the business of the meeting.
Subject to the provisions of Article 15 (Class meetings) and Article 50 (If quorum not present),
two (2) persons entitled to attend and to vote on the business to be transacted, each being a
member present in person or a proxy for a member, shall be a quorum.

IF QUORUM NOT PRESENT

If within fifteen (15) minutes (or such longer interval not exceeding one hour as the Chairman
in his absolute discretion thinks fit) from the time appointed for the holding of a general meeting
a quorum is not present, or if during a meeting such a quorum ceases to be present, the
meeting, if convened on the requisition of members, shall be dissolved. Subject to the
provisions of the Acts, in any other case, the meeting shall stand adjourned to the same day
in the next week at the same time and place, or to such other day and at such time and place
as the Chairman (or, in default, the Board) may determine, being not less than seven (7) nor
more than twenty-eight (28) days thereafter. If, at such adjourned meeting, a quorum is not
present within 15 minutes from the time appointed for holding the meeting, one member

BM 80801118.1 Confidential 25
51

51.1

51.2

52

53

present in person or by proxy shall be a quorum. If no such quorum is present or, if during the
adjourned meeting a quorum ceases to be present, the adjourned meeting shall be dissolved.

SECURITY AND MEETING PLACE ARRANGEMENTS
Searches

The Board may direct that members or proxies or duly authorised representatives wishing to
attend any general meeting should submit to such searches or other security arrangements or
restrictions as the Board shall consider appropriate in the circumstances and shall be entitled
in its absolute discretion to refuse entry to such general meeting to any member, proxy or duly
authorised representative who fails to submit to such searches or otherwise to comply with
such security arrangements or restrictions.

Inadequate meeting place

If it appears to the Chairman that the meeting place specified in the notice convening the
meeting is inadequate to accommodate all members entitled and wishing to attend, the
meeting shall nevertheless be duly constituted and its proceedings valid provided that the
Chairman is satisfied that adequate facilities are available to ensure that any member who is
unable to be accommodated is nonetheless able to participate in the business for which the
meeting has been convened and to hear and see all persons present who speak (whether by
the use of microphones, loud-speakers, audio-visual communications equipment or
otherwise), whether in the meeting place or elsewhere, and to be heard and seen by all other
persons so present in the same manner.

CHAIRMAN

The Chairman of the Board shall preside as Chairman at every general meeting of the
Company. If there be no such Chairman or if at any meeting he shall not be present within 15
minutes after the time appointed for holding the meeting or shall be unwilling to act as
Chairman, the Deputy Chairman (if any) shall, if present and willing to act, preside as Chairman
at such meeting. If no Chairman or Deputy Chairman shall be so present and willing to act, the
Directors present shall choose one of their number to act or, if there be only one Director
present, he shall be Chairman if willing to act. If no Director is willing to act as Chairman of the
meeting or, if no Director is present within 15 minutes of the time appointed for holding the
meeting, a member or a proxy for a member may be elected to be the Chairman of such
meeting by ordinary resolution of the Company passed at the meeting.

DIRECTOR MAY ATTEND AND SPEAK

A Director shall, notwithstanding that he is not a member, be entitled to attend and speak at
any general meeting and at any separate meeting of the holders of any class of shares of the
Company. The Chairman may invite any person to attend and speak at any general meeting
of the Company whom the Chairman considers to be equipped by knowledge or experience of
the Company's business to assist in the deliberations of the meeting.

BM 80801118.1 Confidential 26
55

56

57

POWER TO ADJOURN

Subject to the provisions of Article 55 (Notice of adjourned meeting) and Article 56 (Business
of adjourned meeting), the Chairman of the general meeting may, with the consent of a meeting
at which a quorum is present, and shall if so directed by the meeting, adjourn any meeting
from time to time (or indefinitely) and from place to place as he shall determine. However,
without prejudice to any other power which he may have under these Articles or at common
law the Chairman may, without the need for the consent of the meeting, interrupt or adjourn
any meeting from time to time and from place to place or for an indefinite period if he is of the
Opinion that it has become necessary to do so in order to secure the proper and orderly conduct
of the meeting or to give all persons entitled to do so a reasonable opportunity of speaking and
voting at the meeting or to ensure that the business of the meeting is otherwise properly
disposed of.

NOTICE OF ADJOURNED MEETING

Where a meeting is adjourned for fourteen (14) days or more the Board shall fix the date, time
and place for the adjourned meeting and at least seven (7) clear days’ notice, specifying the
place, the date and time of the adjourned meeting and the general nature of the business to
be transacted, shall be given in the same manner as in the case of an original meeting. Save
as aforesaid, no member shall be entitled to any notice of an adjournment or of the business
to be transacted at any adjourned meeting.

BUSINESS OF ADJOURNED MEETING

No business shall be dealt with at any adjourned meeting, the general nature of which was not
stated in the notice of the original meeting.

VOTING
METHOD OF VOTING

At any general meeting a resolution put to a vote of the meeting shall be decided on a show of
hands unless (before or immediately after the declaration of the result of the show of hands or
on the withdrawal of any other demand for a poll) a poll is duly demanded. Subject to the
provisions of the Acts and the provisions of Article 15 (Class meetings), a poll may be
demanded by:

(a) the Chairman of the meeting; or

(i) not less than 5 members present in person or by proxy having the right to
vote on the resolution; or

(ii) a member or members present in person or by proxy representing not less
than ten (10%) of the total voting rights of all the members having the right
to vote on the resolution (excluding any voting rights attached to any shares
in the Company held as treasury shares); or

(iii) a member or members present in person or by proxy holding shares in the
Company conferring a right to vote on the resolution, being shares on which
an aggregate sum has been paid up equal to not less than ten (10%) of the
total sum paid up on all the shares conferring that right (excluding shares

BM 80801118.1 Confidential 27
58

59

60

in the Company conferring a right to vote on the resolution which are held
as treasury shares) and a demand for a poll by a person as proxy for a
member counts:

1) for the purposes of paragraph (i) above, as a demand by the
member,

2) for the purposes of paragraph (ii) above, as a demand by a member
representing the voting rights that the proxy is authorised to
exercise; and

3) for the purposes of paragraph (iii) above, as a demand by a member
holding the shares to which those rights are attached.

CHAIRMAN'S DECLARATION CONCLUSIVE ON SHOW OF HANDS

Unless a poll is duly demanded and the demand is not subsequently withdrawn, a declaration
by the Chairman of the meeting that a resolution, on a show of hands, has or has not been
passed or passed with a particular majority and an entry in respect of such a declaration to
that effect in the book containing the minutes of proceedings of the Company, shall be
conclusive evidence thereof, without proof of the number or proportion of the votes recorded
in favour of or against such resolution.

OBJECTION TO ERROR IN VOTING

No objection shall be raised to the qualification of any voter or to the counting of or failure to
count any vote except at the meeting or adjourned meeting at which the vote objected to is
given or tendered or at which the error occurs. Any objection or error shall be referred to the
Chairman of the meeting and shall only vitiate the decision of the meeting on any resolution if
the Chairman decides that it is of sufficient magnitude to vitiate the resolution or may otherwise
have affected the decision of the meeting. The decision of the Chairman on such matters shall
be final and conclusive.

AMENDMENT TO RESOLUTIONS

If an amendment shall be proposed to any resolution under consideration but shall in good
faith be ruled out of order by the Chairman of the meeting, any error in such ruling shall not
invalidate the proceedings on the substantive resolution. In the case of a resolution duly
proposed as a special resolution no amendment to it (other than a mere clerical amendment
to correct a manifest error) may in any event be considered or voted on In the case of a
resolution duly proposed as an ordinary resolution, no amendment to it (other than a mere
clerical amendment to correct a manifest error) may be considered or voted upon unless notice
of such proposed amendment is given to the Office at least forty-eight (48) hours prior to the
time appointed for holding the relevant meeting or adjourned meeting or (in the absence of any
such notice) the Chairman of the meeting in his absolute discretion rules that the amendment
is fit for consideration at the meeting.

BM 80801118.1 Confidential 28
61

61.1

61.2

61.3

61.4

62

62.1

PROCEDURE ON A POLL
Timing of poll

Any poll duly demanded on the election of a Chairman of a meeting or on any question of
adjournment shall be taken forthwith. A poll duly demanded on any other matter shall be taken
in such manner (including the use of ballot or voting papers or tickets) and at such time (either
forthwith or not more than thirty (30) days from the date of the meeting or adjourned meeting
at which the poll was demanded) and at such place, in each case, as the Chairman shall direct.
The Chairman may, and if so directed by the meeting shall, appoint scrutineers who need not
be members and may adjourn the meeting to some place and time fixed by him for the purpose
of declaring the result of the poll. No notice need be given of a poll not taken immediately if the
time and place at which it is to be taken are announced at the meeting at which it is demanded.
In any other case at least seven (7) clear days’ notice shall be given specifying the time and
place at which the poll is to be taken. The result of the poll shall be deemed to be the resolution
of the meeting at which the poll was demanded.

Continuance of the meeting

The demand for a poll shall not prevent the continuance of the meeting for the transaction of
any business other than the question on which a poll has been demanded If a poll is demanded
before the declaration of the result on a show of hands and the demand is duly withdrawn the
meeting shall continue as if the demand had not been made.

Withdrawal of demand for a poll

The demand for a poll may, before the poll is taken, be withdrawn, but only with the consent
of the Chairman. A demand so withdrawn shall validate the result of a show of hands declared
before the demand was made. If a demand is withdrawn, the persons entitled in accordance
with Article 57 (Method of voting) may demand a poll.

Voting on a poll

On a poll votes may be given in person or by proxy A member entitled to more than one vote
need not, if he votes, use all his votes or cast all the votes he uses in the same way.

VOTES OF MEMBERS
Number of votes

Subject to the provisions of the CA2006 (including, but not limited to Section 323(3) and
Section 323(4), CA2006) and to any special terms as to voting on which any shares may have
been issued or may for the time being be held and to any suspension or abrogation of voting
rights pursuant to these Articles, at any general meeting:

(a) on a vote on a resolution on a show of hands, each member present in person shall
have one vote;

(b) on a vote on a resolution on a show of hands every proxy present who has been
duly appointed by one or more members entitled to vote on the resolution shall

BM 80801118.1 Confidential 29
62.2

62.3

62.4

have one vote, provided that on a vote on a resolution on a show of hands, a proxy
has one vote for and one vote against the resolution if:

(0) the proxy has been duly appointed by more than one member entitled to
vote on the resolution; and

(ii) the proxy has been instructed by one or more of those members to vote for
the resolution and by one or more other of those members to vote against
it;

(c) ona poll:
(i) every member present in person or by proxy shall have one vote for each
share of which he is the holder; and
(ii) all or any of the voting rights of a member may be exercised by one or more

duly appointed proxies, provided that, where a member appoints more than
one proxy, this does not authorise the exercise by the proxies taken
together of more extensive voting rights than could be exercised by the
member in person.

Discretionary votes where proxy appointed by more than one member

On a vote on a resolution on a show of hands, where a proxy is appointed by more than one
member (provided that, where some only of those members by whom the proxy is appointed
instruct the proxy to vote in a particular way, those members all instruct such proxy to vote in
the same way on a resolution (either "for" or "against")) such proxy shall be entitled to cast a
second vote the other way in relation to any discretionary vote(s) given to him by other
members by whom such proxy is appointed.

Joint holders

In the case of joint holders of shares in the Company, only the vote of the senior holder who
votes (and any proxies duly authorised by him) may be counted by the Company. For this
purpose the senior holder of a share shall be determined by the order in which the names of
the joint holders stand in the Register.

Receivers and other persons

Where in England or elsewhere a receiver or other person (by whatever name called) has been
appointed by any court claiming jurisdiction in that behalf to exercise powers with respect to
the property or affairs of any member on the ground (however formulated) of mental disorder,
the Board may in its absolute discretion on or subject to production of such evidence of the
appointment as the Board may require, permit such receiver or curator bonis or other person
authorised by a court or official, to vote (whether on a show of hands or on a poll) in person or
by proxy on behalf of such member at any general meeting. Evidence to the satisfaction of the
Board of the authority of the person claiming to exercise the right to vote shall be sent or
supplied (in any form and manner permitted for the sending or supplying of appointments of
proxy pursuant to these Articles) at the Office or at such other address (including electronic
address) as has been appointed for the sending or supplying of appointments of proxy, to be
received no later than the time specified for the receipt of an appointment of proxy set out in
Article 67 (Deposit of proxy) and, in default, the right to vote shall not be exercisable.

BM 80801118.1 Confidential 30
63

64

65

65.1

65.2

66

CASTING VOTE

In the case of an equality of votes, whether on a show of hands or on a poll, the Chairman of
the meeting at which the show of hands takes place or at which the poll was demanded shall
not be entitled to a second or casting vote in addition to any other vote that he may have.

RESTRICTION ON VOTING RIGHTS FOR UNPAID CALLS ETC.

No member shall, unless the Board otherwise determines, be entitled to vote at a general
meeting or at any separate meeting of the holders of any class of shares either in person or
by proxy in respect of any share held by him or to exercise any right as a member unless all
calls or other sums presently payable by him in respect of that share in the Company have
been paid to the Company.

PROXIES - GENERAL
Any person may be appointed as proxy

Any person (whether a member of the Company or not) may be appointed to act as a proxy.
Deposit of an instrument of proxy shall not preclude a member from attending, speaking and
voting in person at the meeting in respect of which the proxy is appointed or at any adjournment
of it.

Proxy to vote in accordance with instructions

In accordance with Section 324A, CA2006 but subject to the provisions of the Acts, a proxy
shall vote in accordance with any instructions given by the member by whom the proxy is
appointed. The Company shall be under no obligation to ensure or otherwise verify that any
vote(s) cast by a proxy are done so in accordance with any such instructions given by the
member by whom such proxy is appointed. In the event that a vote cast by such proxy is not
done so in accordance with the instructions of the member by whom such proxy is appointed,
such vote shall not be deemed to be invalid.

FORM OF PROXY
The appointment of a proxy shall:

(a) be in writing signed under the hand of the appointor or of his attorney duly
authorised in writing (or if the appointor is a corporation under its common seal or
under the hand of some officer or attorney duly authorised in that behalf) and shall
be in any common form or in such other form as the Board may, subject to the
provisions of the Acts, approve;

(b) be deemed (subject to any contrary direction contained in the same) to confer
authority to demand or join in demanding a poll and to vote (whether on a show of
hands or a poll) on any resolution or amendment of a resolution put to the meeting
for which it is given, as the proxy thinks fit;

(c) be deemed (subject to any contrary direction contained in the same) to confer the
right to speak at the meeting to which it relates (including any adjournment of it);

BM 80801118.1 Confidential 31
67

68

BM 80801118.1

(a)

(e)

unless the contrary is stated in it, be valid as well for any adjournment of the
meeting as for the meeting to which it relates; and

where it is stated to apply to more than one meeting, be valid for all such meetings
as well as for any adjournment of any such meetings.

DEPOSIT OF PROXY

Subject to Article 68 (Electronic Address), the appointment of a proxy and the power of attorney
or other authority (if any) under which it is signed, or a copy of such authority certified notarially
or in some other way approved by the Board, shall:

(a)

(b)

(c)

be sent or supplied in hard copy form, or (subject to any conditions and limitations
which the Directors may specify) in electronic form, to the Office or such other
address (including electronic address) as is specified in:

(i) the notice convening the meeting;

(ii) any instrument of proxy sent out by the Company in relation to the meeting;
or

(ili) any invitation to appoint a proxy issued by the Company in relation to the
meeting,

to be received at such address not less than 48 hours (excluding, in the calculation
of such time period, any part of a day that is not a working day) before the time of
the holding of the meeting or adjourned meeting at which the person named in the
instrument proposes to vote; or

in the case of a poll taken more than 48 hours after it is demanded, be sent or
supplied as aforesaid, after the poll has been demanded, to be received not less
than 24 hours (excluding, in the calculation of such time period, any part of a day
that is not a working day) before the time appointed for the taking of the poll; or

where the poll is not taken forthwith but is taken not more than 48 hours after it was
demanded, be sent and supplied as aforesaid, to be received not later than the
time at which the poll is demanded,

and an appointment of a proxy not so sent or supplied or delivered or received shall
be invalid. No appointment of a proxy shall be valid after the expiry of twelve (12)
months from the date named in it as the date of its execution except at an adjourned
meeting or on a poll demanded at a meeting or an adjourned meeting in cases where
the meeting was originally held within twelve (12) months from such date.

ELECTRONIC ADDRESS - PROXIES

Subject to and in accordance with Section 333(2), CA2006, where the Company has given an
electronic address in an instrument of proxy sent out by the Company in relation to the meeting
or in an invitation to appoint a proxy issued by the Company in relation to the meeting, any
document or information relating to proxies for that meeting (including, but not limited to the
appointment of a proxy in relation to the meeting, any document necessary to show the validity
of, of otherwise relating to, the appointment of a proxy or notice of termination of the authority

Confidential 32
69

70

71

of a proxy) may be sent by electronic means to that address (subject to any conditions or
limitations contained in the notice relating to the meeting).

MORE THAN ONE PROXY MAY BE APPOINTED

(a) A member may appoint more than one proxy in relation to a meeting provided that
each proxy is appointed to exercise the rights attached to a different share or
shares held by the member.

(b) When 2 or more valid but differing appointments of proxy are delivered in respect of
the same share for use at the same meeting and in respect of the same matter, the
one which is last validly delivered (regardless of its date or of the date of its
execution) shall be treated as replacing and revoking the other or others as regards
that share. If the Company is unable to determine which appointment was last
validly delivered, none of them shall be treated as valid in respect of that share.

BOARD MAY SUPPLY PROXY CARDS.

The Board shall, at the expense of the Company, send by post or otherwise forms of
appointment of proxy (reply-paid or otherwise) with the notice convening any general meeting
to members entitled to vote at the meeting. Such forms of appointment of proxy shall provide
for voting both for and against all resolutions to be proposed at the meeting other than the
resolutions relating to the procedure of the meeting. The accidental omission to send an
appointment of proxy or the non-receipt of it by any member entitled to attend and vote at a
meeting shall not invalidate the proceedings at that meeting.

REVOCATION OF PROXY

The validity of a vote given or poll demanded in accordance with the terms of an appointment
of a proxy or the validity of anything done by a proxy acting as duly appointed Chairman, or
any decision determining whether a proxy counts in a quorum at a meeting, shall not be
affected notwithstanding the death or mental disorder of the principal or the revocation of the
appointment of the proxy, or of the authority under which the appointment of the proxy was
executed or the transfer of the share in respect of which the appointment of the proxy is given
unless notice in writing of such death, mental disorder, revocation or transfer shall have been
received by the Company or any other person as the Company may require in the notice of
the meeting, any instrument of proxy sent out by the Company in relation to the meeting or in
any invitation to appoint a proxy issued by the Company in relation to the meeting, (in any form
and manner permitted for the sending or supplying of appointments of proxy pursuant to these
Articles), at the Office or at such other address (including electronic address) as has been
appointed for the sending or supplying of appointments of proxy:

(a) at least 48 hours (excluding, in the calculation of such time period, any part of a
day that is not a working day) before the commencement of the meeting or
adjourned meeting; or

(b) in the case of a poll to be taken more than 48 hours after it was demanded, at least
24 hours (excluding, in the calculation of such time period, any part of a day that is
not a working day) before the time appointed for the taking of the poll at which the
instrument of proxy is used; or

BM 80801118.1 Confidential 33
72

73

73.1

(c) in the case of a poll to be taken not more than 48 hours after it was demanded, the
time at which it was demanded.

CORPORATE REPRESENTATIVE(S)

A corporation (whether or not a company within the meaning of the Acts) which is a member
may, by resolution of its directors or other governing body, authorise such person or person(s)
as it thinks fit to act as its representative (or as the case may be, representatives) at any
meeting of the Company or at any separate meeting of the holders of any class of shares. The
corporation shall for the purposes of these Articles be deemed to be present in person at any
such meeting if a person (or persons) so authorised is (or are) present at it and all references
to attendance and voting in person shall be construed accordingly. The Company shall be
under no obligation to ensure or otherwise verify that any vote(s) cast by a corporate
representative are done so in accordance with any such instructions given by the member by
whom such corporate representative is appointed. In the event that a vote cast by such
corporate representative is not done so in accordance with the instructions of the member by
whom such corporate representative is appointed, such vote shall not be deemed to be invalid.

FAILURE TO DISCLOSE INTERESTS IN SHARES
DISENFRANCHISEMENT
Disenfranchisement notice

If a member, or any other person appearing to be interested in shares held by that member,
has been issued with a Section 793 notice and has failed in relation to any shares (the "default
shares" which expression shall include any further shares which are issued in respect of such
shares unless a separate notice is issued in respect of such further shares) to give the
Company the information thereby required within the prescribed period from the date of service
of the Section 793 notice, or, in purported compliance with such notice, has made a statement
which is false or inadequate in a material particular, then the Board may, at least 14 days after
service of the Section 793 notice, serve on the holder of such default shares a notice (in this
Article called a "disenfranchisement notice") whereupon the following sanctions shall apply:

(a) Voting

the member shall not, with effect from the service of the disenfranchisement notice,
be entitled in respect of the default shares to be present or to vote (either in person
or proxy) at any general meeting of the Company or at any separate meeting of the
holders of any class of shares of the Company or on any poll or to exercise any other
right conferred by membership in relation to any such meeting or poll; and

(b) Dividends and transfers where the default shares represent at least 0.25% in
nominal value of their class:

0) any dividend or other money payable in respect of the shares shall be
withheld by the Company, which shall not have any obligation to pay
interest on it and the member shall not be entitled to elect pursuant to
Article 141 (Payment of scrip dividends) to receive shares instead of that
dividend; and

BM 80801118.1 Confidential 34
73.2

73.3

73.4

73.5

73.6

(ii) subject, in the case of uncertificated shares, to the Uncertificated
Regulations, no transfer other than an approved transfer of any shares held
by the member shall be registered unless the member is not himself in
default as regards supplying the information required and the member
proves to the satisfaction of the Board that no person in default as regards
supplying such information is interested in any of the shares which are the
subject of the transfer.

Withdrawal notice

The Company may at any time withdraw a disenfranchisement notice by serving on the holder
of the shares to which the same relates a notice in writing to that effect (a "withdrawal notice").

Cessation of sanctions

Where the sanctions under Article 73.1 (Disenfranchisement notice) apply in relation to any
shares they shall cease to have effect:

(a) if the shares are transferred by means of an approved transfer;

(b) at the end of the period of one week (or such shorter period as the Board may
determine) following receipt by the Company of the information required by the
notice mentioned in Article 73.1 (Disenfranchisement notice) and the Board being
fully satisfied that such information is full and complete; or

(c) on the date on which a withdrawal notice is served by the Company.

Service of disenfranchisement notice

Where on the basis of information obtained from a member in respect of any share held by
him the Company issues a Section 793 notice to any other person it shall at the same time
send a copy of the notice to the member but the accidental omission to do so, or the non-
receipt by the member of the copy, shall not invalidate or otherwise affect the application of
Article 73.1 (Disenfranchisement notice).

Certificated form
The Board may:

(a) give notice in writing to any member holding default shares in uncertificated form
requiring the member to change his holding of such shares from uncertificated form
into certificated form within a specified period and then to hold such default shares
in certificated form for so long as the default subsists; and

(b) appoint any person to take any steps, by instruction by means of an Uncertificated
System or otherwise, in the name of any holder of default shares as may be
required to change such shares from uncertificated form into certificated form (and
such steps shall be effective as if they had been taken by such holder).

Definitions

For the purposes of this Article 73:

BM 80801118.1 Confidential 35.
(a)

(b)

(©)

a person other than the member holding a share shall be treated as appearing to
be interested in that share if the member has informed the Company that the
person is or may be so interested or if the Company (after taking account of any
information obtained from the member or, pursuant to a Section 793 notice, from
anyone else) knows or has reasonable cause to believe that the person is, or may
be, so interested;

"interested" shall be construed in accordance with Sections 820 to 825 (inclusive),
CA2006; and

reference to a person having failed to give the Company the information required
by a notice or being in default as regards supplying such information includes
reference to his having:

(i) failed or refused to give all or any part of it; and

(ii) given information which he knows to be false in a material particular or
having recklessly given information which is false in a material particular.

73.7 Section 794 powers

Nothing contained in this Article 73 shall be taken to limit the powers of the Company under
Section 794, CA2006.

N UNTRACED MEMBERS

74 POWER OF SALE

74.1 Untraceable members

The Company shall be entitled to sell at the best price reasonably obtainable any share of a
member or any share to which a person is entitled by transmission if and provided that:

(a)

(b)

(c)

BM 80801118.1

during the period of 12 years prior to the date of the publication of the
advertisements referred to in paragraph (b) below (or, if published on different
dates, the earlier or earliest of them) no cheque, order or warrant in respect of such
share sent by the Company through the post in a pre-paid envelope addressed to
the member or to the person entitled by transmission to the share at his address on
the Register or other last known address given by the member or person to which
cheques, orders or warrants in respect of such share are to be sent has been
cashed and the Company has received no communications in respect of such
share from such member or person, provided that during such period of 12 years at
least 3 cash dividends (whether interim or final) in respect of the shares in question
have become payable and no such dividend during that period has been claimed
by the person entitled to it;

on or after expiry of the said period of 12 years the Company has given notice of its
intention to sell such share by advertisements in both a national daily newspaper
published in the United Kingdom and in a newspaper circulating in the area in
which the last known address of such member or person appeared;

the said advertisements, if not published on the same day, shall have been
published within 30 days of each other;

Confidential 36
74.2

74.3

75

(d) during the further period of 3 months following the date of publication of the said
advertisements (or, if published on different dates, the later or latest of them) and
prior to the exercise of the power of sale the Company has not received any
communication in respect of such share from the member or person entitled by
transmission; and

(e) the Company has given notice in accordance with the regulations of the relevant
regulatory authority of its intention to make such sale and shall, if appropriate, have
obtained the approval of the relevant regulatory authority to the proposed form of
the said advertisement, if shares of the class concerned are admitted to a
securities list and/or a recognised investment exchange.

Perfection of transfer

To give effect to any sale of shares pursuant to this Article 74 the Board may, in the case of
certificated shares, authorise some person to transfer the shares in question and may enter
the name of the transferee in respect of the transferred shares in the Register notwithstanding
the absence of any share certificate being lodged in respect of it and may issue a new
certificate to the transferee and, in the case of uncertificated shares, exercise any power
conferred on it by Article 19.5 (Forfeiture and sale) to effect a transfer of the shares. The
purchaser shall not be bound to see to the application of the purchase moneys in respect of
any such sale nor shall his title to the shares be affected by any irregularity or invalidity in the
proceedings relating to the sale or transfer. Any instrument or exercise shall be effective as if
it had been executed or exercised by the holder of or the person entitled by transmission to
the shares to which it relates.

Additional shares

If during the period of 12 years referred to in Article 74.1 (Untraceable members) or during any
period ending on the date when all the requirements of paragraphs (a) to (d) (or (a) to (e), as
the case may be) of Article 74.1 (Untraceable members) have been satisfied, any additional
shares have been issued in respect of those held at the beginning of such period or of any
previously so issued during such period and all the requirements of paragraphs (b) to (d) (or
(b) to (e) as the case may be) of Article 74.1 (Untraceable members) have been satisfied in
regard to such additional shares the Company shall also be entitled to sell the additional
shares.

APPLICATION OF PROCEEDS OF SALE

The Company shall account to the member or other person entitled to such share for the net
proceeds of such sale by carrying all moneys in respect of it to a separate account The
Company shall be deemed to be a debtor to and not a trustee for such member or other person
in respect of such moneys. Moneys carried to such separate account may either be employed
in the business of the Company or invested in such investments as the Board may from time
to time think fit. No interest shall be payable to such member or other person in respect of such
moneys and the Company shall not be required to account for any money earned on them.

BM 80801118.1 Confidential 37
76

77

78

79

80

81

APPOINTMENT, RETIREMENT AND REMOVAL OF DIRECTORS
NUMBER OF DIRECTORS

Unless and until otherwise determined by the Company by ordinary resolution the number of
Directors (other than any alternate Directors) shall be not less than two (2) or more than seven
(7) Not less than one third of this number shall consist of non-executive directors.

POWER OF COMPANY TO APPOINT DIRECTORS,

Subject to the provisions of these Articles and to the Acts, the Company may by ordinary
resolution appoint a person who is willing to act to be a Director, either to fill a vacancy, or as
an addition to the existing Board, and may also determine the rotation in which any additional
Directors are to retire, but the total number of Directors shall not exceed any maximum number
fixed in accordance with these Articles.

POWER OF BOARD TO APPOINT DIRECTORS

Without prejudice to the power of the Company to appoint any person to be a Director pursuant
to these Articles, the Board shall, subject to the provisions of the Acts, have power at any time
to appoint any person who is willing to act as a Director, either to fill a vacancy or as an addition
to the existing Board, but the total number of Directors shall not exceed any maximum number
fixed in accordance with these Articles. Any Director so appointed shall hold office only until
the annual general meeting of the Company next following such appointment and shall then
be eligible for re-election but shall not be taken into account in determining the number of
Directors who are to retire by rotation at that meeting. If not reappointed at such annual general
meeting, he shall vacate office at that meeting in accordance with provisions on the timing of
retirement set out in Article 84 (Timing of retirement).

ELIGIBILITY OF NEW DIRECTORS

No person other than a Director retiring at the meeting (whether by rotation or otherwise) shall
be appointed or re-appointed a Director at any general meeting unless:

(a) he is recommended by the Board; or

(b) not less than 7 nor more than 35 clear days before the date appointed for the
meeting notice duly executed by a member (other than the person to be proposed)
qualified to vote at the meeting has been given to the Company of the intention to
propose that person for appointment or re-appointment stating the particulars which
would if he were so appointed or re-appointed be required to be included in the
Company's register of directors together with notice executed by that person of his
willingness to be appointed or re-appointed is lodged at the Office.

SHARE QUALIFICATION
A Director shall not be required to hold any shares of the Company.
RESOLUTION FOR APPOINTMENT

A resolution for the appointment of 2 or more persons as Directors by a single resolution shall
not be moved unless an ordinary resolution that it shall be so proposed has first been agreed

BM 80801118.1 Confidential 38
82

82.1

83

to by the meeting without any vote being given against. Any resolution moved in contravention
of this provision shall be void. For the purpose of this Article, a resolution for approving a
person's appointment or for nominating a person for appointment as a Director shall be treated
as a resolution for his appointment.

RETIREMENT BY ROTATION
Retirement by rotation

(a) At any annual general meeting of the Company, any Director who has not been
appointed or re-appointed at either of the 2 previous annual general meetings of
the Company shall retire.

(b) lf, at any annual general meeting of the Company, the number of Directors required
to retire pursuant to Article 82.1(a) is less than one third of the total number of
Directors calculated in accordance with Article 82.1(c) (rounded down to the
nearest whole number (the "Relevant Proportion")), such number of additional
Directors ("Additional Directors") as is required (when taken together with the
Directors required to retire pursuant to Article 82.1(a))) to constitute the Relevant
Proportion shall retire at such annual general meeting of the Company. Subject to
the penultimate sentence of Article 85 (Removal by ordinary resolution), the
Additional Directors to retire shall be those who have been the longest to have held
off ice since their appointment or re-appointment but, as between persons who
were appointed or were last appointed or re-appointed Directors on the same day,
those to retire shall (unless otherwise agreed between them) be determined by lot.

(c) In calculating the "total number of Directors” for the purposes of Article 82.1(b), any
Director who:

(i) wishes to retire and not be re-elected; or
(ii) is subject to re-election in accordance with Article 82.1, shall be
disregarded.

RE-APPOINTMENT

A Director who retires at an annual general meeting of the Company (whether by rotation or
otherwise) may, if willing to act, be re-appointed. If the Company, at the meeting at which a
Director retires by rotation, does not fill the vacancy created by his retirement, the retiring
Director shall, if willing to act, be deemed to have been re-appointed unless at the meeting it
is expressly resolved not to fill the vacancy or unless a resolution for the re-appointment of the
Director is put to the meeting and lost or unless the retiring Director has given notice in writing
to the Company that he is unwilling to be re-elected or unless the default in filling the vacancy
is due to the moving of a resolution in contravention of Article 81 (Resolution for appointment).

TIMING OF RETIREMENT

The retirement of any Director retiring at an annual general meeting in accordance with these
Articles shall not have effect until the conclusion of the meeting except where a resolution is
passed to elect some other person in the place of the retiring Director or a resolution for his
re-election is put to the meeting and lost in which case the retirement shall take effect at the
time of election of his replacement or the time of the losing of that resolution as the case may

BM 80801118.1 Confidential 39
85

86

be. A retiring Director who is re-elected or deemed to have been re-elected will continue in
office without a break.

REMOVAL BY ORDINARY RESOLUTION

The Company may by ordinary resolution (of which special notice has been given in
accordance with Section 312, CA2006) remove any Director before the expiration of his period
of office notwithstanding anything in these Articles or in any agreement between the Company
and such Director and, without prejudice to any claim for damages which he may have for
breach of any contract of service between him and the Company, may (subject to these Articles
and the provisions of the Acts) by ordinary resolution (of which special notice has been given
in accordance with Section 312, CA2006) appoint another person at that meeting who is willing
to act to be a Director in his place. Any person so appointed shall be treated, for the purposes
of determining the time at which he or any other Director is to retire by rotation, as if he had
become a Director on the day on which the person in whose place he is appointed was last
appointed or re-appointed a Director. In default of such appointment the vacancy arising upon
the removal of a Director from office may be filled by a casual vacancy.

VACATION OF OFFICE BY DIRECTOR

Without prejudice to any provisions for retirement contained in these Articles, the office of a
Director shall be vacated if:

(a) he resigns by notice in writing delivered to the Secretary at the Office or tendered
at a Board meeting in which event he shall vacate that office on the service of that
notice on the Company or at such later time as is specified in the notice or he offers
in writing to resign from his office and the Directors resolve to accept such offer; or

(b) he ceases to be a Director by virtue of any provision of the Acts, is removed from
office pursuant to these Articles or becomes prohibited by law from being a
Director; or

(c) he becomes bankrupt, has an interim receiving order made against him, makes any

arrangement or compounds with his creditors generally or applies to the Court for
an interim order under Section 253, Insolvency Act 1986 in connection with a
voluntary arrangement under that Act; or

(d) by reason of that person's mental health, a court makes an order which wholly or
partly prevents that person from personally exercising any powers or rights which
that person would otherwise have; or

(e) a registered medical practitioner who is treating that person gives a written opinion
to the Company stating that that person has become physically or mentally
incapable of acting as a director and may remain so for more than three months; or

(f) he shall be absent, without the permission of the Board from Board meetings for 6
consecutive months (whether or not an alternate Director appointed by him
attends) and the Board resolves that his office be vacated; or

(g) he is requested to resign by notice in writing addressed to him at his address as
shown in the register of Directors and signed by all the other Directors (without
prejudice to any claim for damages which he may have for breach of any contract
between him and the Company); or

BM 80801118.1 Confidential 40
87

88

88.1

88.2

88.3

89

89.1

(h) he is convicted of an indictable offence and the Directors shall resolve that it is
undesirable in the interests of the Company that he remains a Director of the
Company; or

(i) the conduct of that Director (whether or not concerning the affairs of the Company)
is the subject of an investigation by an inspector appointed by the Secretary of
State or by the Serious Fraud Office (or any successor body or body equivalent in
any foreign jurisdiction thereto) and the Board shall resolve that it is undesirable
that he remains a Director; or

(j) notice is given to terminate his contract of employment or engagement with the
Company where he is in breach of such contract; or

(k) he has been disqualified from acting as a director.

RESOLUTION AS TO VACANCY CONCLUSIVE

Aresolution of the Board declaring a Director to have vacated office under the terms of Article
86 (Vacation of office by Director) shall be conclusive as to the fact and grounds of vacation
stated in the resolution.

ALTERNATE DIRECTORS
APPOINTMENTS
Identity of appointee

Each Director (other than an alternate Director) may (subject to the provisions of the Acts) by
notice in writing under his hand delivered to the Secretary at the Office or at a meeting of the
Directors or in any other manner approved by the Board appoint any other Director or any
person approved for that purpose by the Board and willing to act to be his alternate and may
in like manner remove from office an alternate Director so appointed by him.

Method of appointment

No appointment of an alternate Director shall be effective until his consent to act as a Director
has been received at the Office.

Nature of alternate

An alternate Director need not hold a share qualification and shall not be counted in reckoning
any maximum number of Directors allowed by these Articles.

PARTICIPATION IN BOARD MEETINGS
Right to participate

Every alternate Director shall (subject to his giving to the Company an address within the
United Kingdom or an electronic address at which notices may be sent or supplied to him) be
entitled to receive notice of all meetings of the Board and all committees of the Board of which
his appointor is a member and, in the absence from such meetings of his appointor, to attend
and vote at such meetings and to exercise all the powers, rights, duties and authorities of his

BM 80801118.1 Confidential 41
89.2

90

90.1

90.2

gl

92

appointor as a Director. A Director acting as alternate Director shall have a separate vote at
Board meetings for each Director for whom he acts as alternate Director, in addition to his own
vote (if any), but he shall count as only one person for the purpose of determining whether a
quorum is present. It shall not be necessary to give notice of a Board meeting to an alternate
Director who is absent from the United Kingdom unless he has requested the Board in writing
(whether in hard copy form or in electronic form) that notices of Board meetings shall during
his absence be given to him at any address in the United Kingdom (or any electronic address)
notified to the Company for this purpose or by telephone where he has notified the Company
of the relevant telephone number for such purpose but he shall not in such event be entitled
to a longer period of notice than if he had been present in the United Kingdom.

Alternate's authority

Execution by an alternate Director of any resolution in writing of the Directors or of a committee
of the Directors shall, unless the notice of his appointment provides to the contrary, be as
effective as execution by his appointor. To such extent as the Directors may from time to time
determine in relation to any committees of the Directors the foregoing provisions of this
paragraph shall also apply mutatis mutandis to any meeting of any such committee of which
his appointor is a member.

ALTERNATE DIRECTOR RESPONSIBLE FOR OWN ACTS
Responsibility for defaults

Every person acting as an alternate Director shall be an officer of the Company, shall alone be
responsible to the Company for his own acts and defaults and shall not be deemed to be the
agent of the Director appointing him.

Status of alternate

Save as otherwise provided in these Articles, an alternate Director shall be subject in all
respects to the provisions of these Articles relating to Directors and shall be deemed for all
purposes to be a Director.

INTERESTS OF ALTERNATE DIRECTOR

An alternate Director shall be entitled to contract and be interested in and benefit from contracts
or arrangements with the Company and to be repaid expenses and to be indemnified to the
same extent mutatis mutandis as if he were a Director. However, he shall not, unless the
Company by ordinary resolution otherwise determines, be entitled to receive from the
Company any fees for his services as alternate except only such part (if any) of the fee payable
to his appointor as such appointor may by notice in writing to the Company direct. Subject to
this Article, the Company shall pay to an alternate Director such expenses as might properly
have been paid to him if he had been a Director.

REVOCATION OF APPOINTMENT
An alternate Director shall cease to be an alternate Director for his appointor:

(a) if his appointor revokes his appointment; or

BM 80801118.1 Confidential 42
93

94

95

96

(b) if his appointor ceases for any reason to be a Director, provided that if any Director
retires by rotation or otherwise but is re-appointed or deemed to be re-appointed at
the same meeting at which he retires, any valid appointment of an alternate
Director which was in force immediately before his retirement shall remain in force;
or

(c) if any event happens in relation to him which, if he were a Director otherwise
appointed, would cause him to vacate office.

DIRECTORS’ REMUNERATION, EXPENSES AND PENSIONS
DIRECTORS' FEES

The Directors (other than alternate Directors) shall be entitled to receive by way of fees for
their services as Directors such sum as the Board may from time to time determine (not
exceeding £200,000 per annum in aggregate or such other sum as the Company in general
meeting shall from time to time determine). Such sum (unless otherwise directed by the
resolution of the Company by which it is voted) shall be divided among the Directors in such
proportions and in such manner as the Board may determine or in default of such
determination, equally (except that in such event any Director holding office for less than the
whole of the relevant period in respect of which the fees are paid shall only rank in such division
in proportion to the time during such period for which he holds office). Any fees payable
pursuant to this Article shall be distinct from any salary, remuneration or other amounts
payable to a Director pursuant to any other provisions of these Articles and shall accrue from
day to day.

EXPENSES

Each Director shall be entitled to be repaid all reasonable travelling, hotel and other expenses
properly incurred by him in or about the performance of his duties as Director, including any
expenses incurred in attending meetings of the Board or any committee of the Board or general
meetings or separate meetings of the holders of any class of shares or of debentures of the
Company

ADDITIONAL REMUNERATION

If, by arrangement with the Board, any Director shall perform or render any special duties or
services outside his ordinary duties as a Director and not in his capacity as a holder of
employment or executive office, he may be paid such reasonable additional remuneration
(whether by way of a lump sum or by way of salary, commission, participation in profits or
otherwise) as the Board may from time to time determine.

REMUNERATION OF EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

The salary or remuneration of any Director appointed to hold any employment or executive
office may be either a fixed sum of money or may altogether or in part be governed by business
done or profits made or otherwise determined by the Board and may be in addition to or in lieu
of any fee payable to him for his services as Director pursuant to these Articles.

BM 80801118.1 Confidential 43
97

98

99

100

PENSIONS AND OTHER BENEFITS

The Board may exercise all the powers of the Company to provide pensions or other retirement
or superannuation benefits and to provide death or disability benefits or other allowances or
gratuities (whether by insurance or otherwise) for or to institute and maintain any institution,
association, society, club, trust, other establishment or profit sharing, share incentive, share
purchase or employees' share scheme calculated to advance the interests of the Company or
to benefit any person who is or has at any time been a Director of the Company or any company
which is a subsidiary company of or allied to or associated with the Company or any such
subsidiary or any predecessor in business of the Company or of any such subsidiary and for
any member of his family (including a spouse or former spouse or civil partner or former civil
partner) and any person who is or was dependent on him. For such purpose the Board may
establish, maintain, subscribe and contribute to any scheme, institution, association, club, trust
or fund and pay premiums and, subject to the provisions of the Acts, lend money or make
payments to, guarantee or give an indemnity in respect of, or give any financial or other
assistance in connection with, any of the aforesaid matters or bodies. The Board may procure
any of such matters to be done by the Company either alone or in conjunction with any other
person. Any Director or former Director shall be entitled to receive and retain for his own benefit
any pension or other benefit provided under this Article and shall not be obliged to account for
it to the Company.

POWERS AND DUTIES OF THE BOARD.
POWERS OF THE BOARD.

Subject to the provisions of the Acts and these Articles and to any directions given by special
resolution of the Company, the business of the Company shall be managed by the Board,
which may exercise all the powers of the Company whether relating to the management of the
business or not. No alteration of these Articles and no such direction given by the Company
shall invalidate any prior act of the Board which would have been valid if such alteration had
not been made or such direction had not been given. Provisions contained elsewhere in these
Articles as to any specific power of the Board shall not be deemed to limit the general powers
given by this Article.

Powers OF DIRECTORS BEING LESS THAN MINIMUM NUMBER

If the number of Directors is less than the minimum for the time being prescribed by these
Articles the remaining Director or Directors shall act only for the purposes of appointing an
additional Director or Directors to make up such minimum or of convening a general meeting
of the Company for the purpose of making such appointment. If there is no Director or Directors
able or willing to act, any 2 members may summon a general meeting for the purpose of
appointing Directors. Subject to the provisions of these Articles, any additional Director so
appointed shall hold office only until the dissolution of the annual general meeting of the
Company next following such appointment unless he is re-elected during such meeting.

POWERS OF EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

The Board may from time to time:

BM 80801118.1 Confidential 44
101

101.1

101.2

102

103

(a) delegate or entrust to and confer on any Director holding executive office (including
a Managing Director) such of its powers, authorities and discretions (with power to
sub-delegate) for such time on such terms and subject to such conditions as it
thinks fit; and

(b) revoke, withdraw, alter or vary all or any of such powers.

DELEGATION TO COMMITTEES
Constituting committees

The Board may delegate any of its powers, authorities and discretions (with power to
sub-delegate) for such time on such terms and subject to such conditions as it thinks fit to any
committee consisting of one or more Directors and (if thought fit) one or more other persons
provided that:

(a) a majority of the members of a committee shall be Directors; and

(b) no resolution of a committee shall be effective unless a majority of those present
when it is passed are Directors or alternate Directors.

Any committee so formed may exercise its power to sub-delegate by sub-delegating to any
person or persons (whether or not a member or members of the Board or of the Committee).

Powers of committee

The Board may confer such powers either collaterally with or to the exclusion of and in
substitution for all or any of the powers of the Board in that respect and may from time to time
revoke, withdraw, alter or vary any of such powers and discharge any such committee in whole
or in part. Insofar as any power, authority or discretion is so delegated any reference in these
Articles to the exercise by the Board of such power, authority or discretion shall be construed
as if it were a reference to the exercise of such power, authority or discretion by such
committee. Subject to any terms and conditions expressly imposed by the Board, the
proceedings of a committee with 2 or more members shall be governed by such of these
Articles as regulate the proceedings of the Board so far as they are capable of applying.

LOCAL MANAGEMENT

The Board may establish any local group or divisional boards or agencies for managing any of
the affairs of the Company in any specified locality either in the United Kingdom or elsewhere
and may appoint any persons to be members of such local or divisional board or any managers
or agents, may fix their remuneration and remove any person so appointed.

PROVISION FOR EMPLOYEES ON CESSATION OR TRANSFER OF BUSINESS

The Board may delegate (with power to sub-delegate) to any local group or divisional board
manager or agent so appointed any of its powers, authorities and discretions other than the
power to borrow and make calls and may authorise the members for the time being of any
such local or divisional board or any of them to fill any vacancies and to act notwithstanding
vacancies, and any such appointment or delegation may be made for such time on such terms
and subject to such conditions as the Board may think fit. The Board may confer such powers
either collectively with or to the exclusion of and in substitution for all or any of the powers of

BM 80801118.1 Confidential 45
104

105

106

107

the Board in that respect and may from time to time revoke, withdraw, alter or vary all or any
of such powers. Subject to any terms and conditions expressly imposed by the Board, the
proceedings of any local group or divisional board or agency with 2 or more members shall be
governed by such of these Articles as regulate the proceedings of the Board so far as they are
capable of applying.

POWER OF ATTORNEY

The Board may by power of attorney or otherwise appoint any company, firm, person or
persons (including registrars) to be the agent or attorney of the Company and may delegate
(with power to sub-delegate) to any such agent or attorney or any fluctuating body of persons,
whether nominated directly or indirectly by the Directors, any of its powers, authorities and
discretions, in each case for such purposes and for such time, on such terms (including as to
remuneration) and subject to such conditions as it thinks fit. The Board may confer such
powers either collaterally with, or to the exclusion of and in substitution for, all or any of the
powers of the Board in that respect and may from time to time revoke, withdraw, alter or vary
any of such powers. Any such appointment or power of attorney may contain such provisions
for the protection and convenience of persons dealing with any such agent or attorney as the
Board may think fit.

ASSOCIATE DIRECTORS

The Board may appoint any person (not being a Director) to any office or employment having
a designation or title including the word "director" or attach to any existing office or employment
with the Company such designation or title and may define, limit, vary or restrict the powers,
authorities and discretions of persons so appointed and may terminate any such appointment
subject to any contract between him and the Company or the use of such designation or title.
The inclusion of the word “director” in the designation or title of any such office or employment
shall not imply that such person is or is deemed to be or is empowered in any respect to act
as a Director or a member of any committee of the Board of Directors for any of the purposes
of the Acts or these Articles.

EXERCISE OF VOTING POWER

(a) The Board may exercise or cause to be exercised the voting power conferred by
the shares in any other company held or owned by the Company or any power of
appointment to be exercised by the Company in such manner in all respects as it
thinks fit (including the exercise of the voting power or power of appointment in
favour of the appointment of any Director as a director or other officer or employee
of such company or in favour of the payment of remuneration to the directors,
officers or employees of such company).

PROVISION FOR EMPLOYEES ON CESSATION OR TRANSFER OF BUSINESS

(a) The Board may exercise any power conferred on the Company by the Acts to make
provision for the benefit of persons employed or formerly employed by the
Company or any of its subsidiaries in connection with the cessation or the transfer
to any person of the whole or part of the undertaking of the Company or that
subsidiary.

BM 80801118.1 Confidential 46
108

109

109.1

109.2

109.3

(b) Any payments to be made by pursuant to any power exercised under this Article
shall be made in accordance with Section 247, CA2006.

OVERSEAS REGISTERS

Subject to the provisions of the Acts and the Uncertificated Regulations, the Board may
exercise the powers conferred on the Company with regard to the keeping of an overseas
branch register and may make and vary such regulations as it thinks fit respecting the keeping
of any such register.

BORROWING POWERS
Directors’ powers

Subject as herein provided and to the provisions of the Acts, the Directors may exercise all the
powers of the Company to borrow money, to guarantee, to indemnify and to mortgage or
charge its undertaking, property, assets (present and future) and uncalled capital or any part
or parts thereof and to issue debentures and other securities, whether outright or as collateral
security for any debt, liability or obligation of the Company or of any third party.

Limitation on borrowing powers

The Board shall restrict the borrowings of the Company and exercise all voting and other rights
and powers of control exercisable by the Company in respect of its subsidiary undertakings so
as to secure (and as regards its subsidiary undertakings in so far as it can secure by such
exercise) that the aggregate principal amount at any one time outstanding in respect of moneys
borrowed by the Group (exclusive of moneys borrowed by one Group Company from another
and after deducting cash deposited) shall not at any time without the previous sanction of an
ordinary resolution of the Company exceed the greater of £20,000,000 and an amount equal
to 25 times the Adjusted Capital and Reserves.

Definitions
For the purposes only of this Article 109:

(a) the "Adjusted Capital and Reserves" means a sum equal to the aggregate from
time to time of:

0) the amount paid up (or credited as or deemed to be paid up) on the issued
share capital of the Company; and

(ii) the amount outstanding to the credit of the capital and revenue reserves of
the Group, whether or not distributable (including without limitation any
share premium account, capital redemption reserve fund, or revaluation
reserve and credit or debit balance on any other reserve) after adding
thereto or deducting there from any balance standing to the credit or debit
of the income statement of the Group;

all as shown in the relevant balance sheet of the Group but after:

(ili) making such adjustments as may be appropriate to reflect:

BM 80801118.1 Confidential 47
(b)

BM 80801118.1

(iv)

(v)

d)

2)

3)

4)

5)

any variation in the amount of the paid up share capital, the share
premium account or the capital redemption reserve or any such
reserves since the date of the relevant balance sheet and so that for
the purpose of making such adjustments;

if any issue or proposed allotment of shares by the Company for
cash has been underwritten, then such shares shall be deemed to
have been allotted and the amount (including the premium) of the
subscription monies payable in respect thereof (not being monies
payable later than six months after the date of allotment) shall be
deemed to have been paid up to the extent so underwritten on the
date when the issue of such shares was underwritten (or, if such
underwriting was conditional, the date on which it became
unconditional); and

subject as aforesaid, share capital (including any premium) shall be
deemed to have been paid up as soon as it has been unconditionally
agreed to be subscribed or taken up (within six months of such
agreement) by any person;

any variation since the date of the relevant balance sheet in the
interests of the Company in its subsidiary undertakings or of the
companies comprising the Group; and

where the calculation is required for the purposes of or in connection
with a transaction under or in connection with which any company is
to become or cease to be a subsidiary undertaking, such
adjustments as would be appropriate if such transactions had been
carried into effect;

excluding (so far as not already excluded):

1) amounts attributable to the proportion of the issued equity share
capital of any subsidiary undertaking which is not attributable directly
or indirectly to the Company;

2) any sum set aside for taxation (including deferred taxation); and

3) the effect on the reserves of any retirement benefits scheme deficit
or surplus (net of associated deferred tax) which would otherwise be
included in accordance with applicable accounting standards;

deducting:

1) sums equivalent to the book values of goodwill (other than goodwill
arising on consolidation) and other intangible assets shown in the
relevant balance sheet; and

2) the amount of any distribution declared, recommended or made by

any Group Company to a person other than a Group Company out
of profits accrued up to and including the date of (and not provided
for in) the relevant balance sheet;

“cash deposited" means an amount equal to the aggregate of the amounts
beneficially owned by Group Companies which are deposited for the time being
with any bank or other person (not being a Group Company) and which are

Confidential 48
(c)

BM 80801118.1

repayable to any Group Company on demand or within three months of such
demand subject, in the case of amounts deposited by a partly-owned subsidiary, to
the exclusion of a proportion thereof equal to the proportion of its issued equity
share capital which is not attributable, directly or indirectly, to the Company;

“moneys borrowed" include not only moneys borrowed but also the following
except in so far as otherwise taken into account:

10)

(ii)

(iii)

(iv)

v)

(vi)

the nominal amount of any issued and paid up share capital and the
principal amount of any debenture or borrowings of any person together
with any fixed or minimum premium payable on redemption, the beneficial
interest in which or right to repayment to which is not for the time being
owned by a Group Company but the payment or repayment of which is the
subject of a guarantee or indemnity by a Group Company or is wholly (or
to the extent part secured, partly) secured on the assets or the undertaking
of a Group Company;

the principal amount raised by any Group Company by acceptances or
under any acceptance credit opened on its behalf by any bank or
acceptance house (not being a Group Company) other than acceptances
and acceptance credits relating to the purchase of goods or services in the
ordinary course of trading and outstanding for six months or less;

the principal amount of any debenture (whether secured or unsecured) of
any Group Company beneficially owned otherwise than by a Group
Company;

the nominal amount of any preference (or other non-equity) share capital
of any subsidiary beneficially owned otherwise than by a Group Company;

any fixed or minimum premium payable on final repayment of any
borrowing or deemed borrowing (but any premium payable on final
repayment of an amount not to be taken into account as moneys borrowed
shall not be taken into account); and

any fixed amount in respect of a hire-purchase agreement or of a finance
lease payable in either case by a Group Company which would be shown
at the material time as an obligation in a balance sheet prepared in
accordance with the accounting principles used in the preparation of the
relevant balance sheet (and for the purpose of this sub-paragraph (vi)
“finance lease" means a contract between a lessor and a Group Company
as lessee or sub-lessee where substantially all the risks and rewards of the
ownership of the asset leased or sub-leased are to be borne by that Group
Company and “hire purchase agreement" means a contract of hire-
purchase between a hire purchase lender and a Group Company as hirer);

but do not include:

(vii)

moneys borrowed by any Group Company for the purpose of repaying
within 6 months of being first borrowed the whole or any part of any moneys
borrowed and then outstanding (including any premium payable on final
repayment) of that or any other Group Company pending their application
for such purpose within that period;

Confidential 49
(a)

(b)

BM 80801118.1

(viii)

(ix)

)

(xi)

(xii)

moneys borrowed by any Group Company for the purpose of financing any
contract in respect of which any payment of the price receivable under the
contract by that or any other Group Company is guaranteed or insured by
the Export Credits Guarantee Department or by any other institution
fulfilling a similar function up to an amount equal to but not exceeding that
part of the price receivable under the contract which is so guaranteed or
insured;

an amount equal to the moneys borrowed of any company outstanding
immediately after it becomes a Group Company provided that it became a
Group Company during the 6 months preceding the calculation;

an amount equal to the amount secured on an asset immediately after it
was acquired by a Group Company provided that it was acquired during
the six months preceding the calculation;

notwithstanding sub-paragraphs (i) to (vi) above, the proportion of moneys
borrowed by a Group Company (and not owing to another Group
Company) which is equal to the proportion of its issued equity share capital
not attributable directly or indirectly to the Company;

amounts borrowed or raised which are for the time being deposited with
HM Revenue & Customs or any other body designated by any relevant
legislation or order in connection with import deposits or any similar
government scheme to the extent that a member of the Group retains an
interest therein;

and in sub-paragraphs (vii) to (xii) above references to amounts of moneys
borrowed include references to amounts which, but for the exclusion under
those sub-paragraphs, would fail to be included;

there shall be credited against the amount of any moneys borrowed any cash
deposited with any bank or other person (whether on current account or otherwise)
not being a Group Company and which is repayable to any Group Company on
demand or within three months of any demand;

for the avoidance of doubt it is hereby expressly provided that for the purposes of
the limit set out in Article 109.2 (Limitations on borrowing powers) the following
sums shall be deemed not to be moneys borrowed of the Group:

@

(0)

any and all sums retained by any member of the Group (or their agent or
nominee) under the terms of any contract or other arrangement relating to
the construction of capital projects where the retention is made for the
purposes of securing satisfactory completion and entry into service of the
project for so long as and to the extent that any member of the Group is
entitled to retain such sums under the relevant contract or arrangement;

sums advanced or paid to any member of the Group (or their agent or
nominee) by customers of any member of the Group as pre-payments or
progress payments or payments on account or by way of deposit or security
in respect of any products or services or any guarantees or indemnities
given by any member of the Group or under any sales contracts or
settlements systems; and

Confidential 50
(iii) sums which otherwise would fall to be treated as borrowed moneys of any
member of the Group which were treated with the concurrence of the
Auditors and in accordance with any current Statement of Standard
Accounting Practice or other accountancy principle or practice generally
accepted for the time being in the United Kingdom in the latest audited
balance sheet of the relevant member of the Group on which such
consolidation was based as otherwise than borrowed moneys of that
member of the Group or sums which were incurred after the date of the
latest audited balance sheet and, in the reasonable opinion of the Board,
would have been so treated had they been outstanding at that date.

(a) “relevant balance sheet" means the latest published audited consolidated balance
sheet of the Group, but where the Company has no subsidiaries it means the
balance sheet and profit and loss account of the Company and, where the
Company has subsidiaries but there are no consolidated accounts of the Group, it
means the respective balance sheets and profit and loss accounts of the
companies comprising the Group.

(b) “equity share capital" shall be construed in relation to a subsidiary undertaking
without a share capital in the same manner as "shares" are defined in relation to an
undertaking without a share capital under Section 1161(2)(a) and (b), CA2006.

109.4 Currency conversion

When the aggregate amount borrowed required to be taken into account for the purposes of
this Article 108 on any particular day is being ascertained any of such moneys denominated
or repayable in a currency other than sterling shall if not subject to a contract or arrangement
determining the rate of exchange be converted for the purpose of calculating the sterling
equivalent either:

(a) with the exception of Excepted Foreign Currency Borrowings (as hereinafter
defined), at the rate of exchange prevailing at the material time in London provided
that the moneys comprising such borrowing shall be translated (if thereby such
sterling amount would be less) at the option of the Company at the rate of
exchange prevailing in London six months before such time. For the purposes of
this sub-paragraph the rate of exchange shall be taken as the middle market rate
as at the close of business in London on the relevant day or, if such day is not a
business day, on the last business day before the day in question;

(b) in the case of any Excepted Foreign Currency Borrowings, at the rate of exchange
which would be applicable to the moneys comprising such borrowing on their
repayment to the extent that such rate of exchange is fixed under any Exchange
Cover Scheme (as hereinafter defined) in connection with such moneys borrowed
provided that where it is not possible to determine the rate of exchange applicable
at the time of repayment of any such moneys borrowed they shall be translated into
sterling under the terms of the applicable Exchange Cover Scheme on such basis
as may be agreed with or determined by the Auditors or, if this is agreed by the
Auditors not to be practicable, in accordance with the provisions of sub-paragraph
(a) above;

For the purpose of this Article 109.4:

(i) “Excepted Foreign Current Borrowings" means moneys borrowed
denominated or repayable in a currency other than sterling which have the

BM 80801118.1 Confidential $1
109.5

109.6

109.7

110

111

benefit of an Exchange Cover Scheme and "Exchange Cover Scheme"
means any exchange cover scheme, forward currency contract, currency
option, back to back loan, swap or other arrangement taken out or entered
into to reduce the risks associated with fluctuations in exchange rates; and

(ii) where under the terms of any borrowing the amount of money which would
be required to discharge the principal amount of moneys borrowed in full if
it failed to be repaid (whether at the option of the company borrowing the
same or by reason of default) at such material time is less than the amount
which would otherwise be taken into account in respect of such moneys
borrowed for the purposes of this Article, the amount of such moneys
borrowed to be taken into account shall be such lesser amount.

Certification

A report or certificate of the Auditors as to the amount of the Adjusted Capital and Reserves
or the amount of moneys borrowed falling to be taken into account for the purposes of this
Article 109 or to the effect that the limit imposed by this Article 109 has not been or will not be
exceeded at any particular time or times or as a result of any particular transaction or
transactions shall be conclusive evidence of the amount or of that fact.

Bona fide estimate

Nevertheless for the purposes of this Article the Directors may at any time act in reliance ona
bona fide estimate of the amount of the Adjusted Capital and Reserves and if in consequence
the limit set out in Article 109.2 (Limitations on borrowing powers) is inadvertently exceeded,
an amount borrowed equal to the excess may be disregarded until the expiration of three
months after the date on which by reason of a determination of the Auditors or otherwise the
Directors become aware that such a situation has or may have arisen.

Exceeding limits

No debt incurred or security given in respect of moneys borrowed in excess of the limit imposed
by this Article 109 shall be invalid or ineffectual except in the case of express notice to the
lender or recipient of the security at the time when the debt was incurred or security given that
the limit had been or would thereby be exceeded but no lender or other person dealing with
the Company shall be concerned to see or enquire whether such limit is observed.

PROCEEDINGS OF DIRECTORS AND COMMITTEES
BOARD MEETINGS

Subject to the provisions of these Articles and the Acts, the Board may meet for the despatch
of business, adjourn and otherwise regulate its proceedings as it thinks fit.

NOTICE OF BOARD MEETINGS

One Director may and the Secretary at the request of a Director shall summon a Board meeting
at any time. Notice of a Board meeting shall be deemed to be properly given to a Director if is
given to him personally or by word of mouth or sent in writing (whether in hard copy form or
electronic form) to him at his last known address or any other address (including electronic
address) given by him to the Company for this purpose. A Director may waive the requirement

BM 80801118.1 Confidential 52
112

113

113.1

113.2

that notice be given to him of any Board meeting either prospectively or retrospectively. It shall
not be necessary to give notice of a Board meeting to a Director who is absent from the United
Kingdom unless he has requested the Board in writing (whether in hard copy form or in
electronic form) that notices of Board meetings shall during his absence be given to him at any
address in the United Kingdom (or any electronic address) notified to the Company for this
purpose or by telephone where he has notified the Company of the relevant telephone number
for such purpose but he shall not in such event be entitled to a longer period of notice than if
he had been present in the United Kingdom.

QUORUM

Subject to Section 175(6), CA2006 and the provisions of Article 119 (Board authorisation of
conflicts of interest) the quorum necessary for the transaction of business may be determined
by the Board and until otherwise determined shall be 2 persons, each being a Director or an
alternate Director. A person who holds office only as an alternate Director shall only be counted
in the quorum if his appointor is not present. A Director or other person who is present at a-
meeting of the Board in more than one capacity (that is to say as both Director and an alternate
Director or as an alternate for more than one Director) shall not be counted as 2 or more for
these purposes unless at least one other Director or alternate Director is also present. A duly
convened meeting of the Board at which a quorum is present shall be competent to exercise
all or any of the authorities, powers and discretions for the time being vested in or exercisable
by the Board. Any Director who ceases to be a Director at a meeting of the Directors may,
subject to any provision to the contrary in these Articles, continue to be present and to act as
a Director and be counted in the quorum until the termination of the meeting of the Directors if
no Director objects and if otherwise a quorum of Directors would not be present.

CHAIRMAN OF BOARD AND OTHER OFFICES
Appointment of Chairman

The Board shall appoint any Chairman, joint Chairman or Deputy Chairman of the Board and
shall determine the period for which he is or they are to hold office and may at any time remove
him or them from office. If no such Chairman or Deputy Chairman is elected or if at any meeting
neither a Chairman nor a Deputy Chairman is present within fifteen minutes of the time
appointed for holding it, the Directors present shall choose one of their number to be Chairman
of such meeting. In the event of 2 or more Joint Chairmen or in the absence of a Chairman,
two or more Deputy Chairmen being present, the Joint Chairman or Deputy Chairman to act
as Chairman of the meeting shall be decided by those Directors present Any Chairman or
Deputy Chairman may also hold executive office under the Company.

Chief Executive

Subject to the provisions of the Acts, the Directors may appoint one or more of their number
to any office or employment under the Company (including, but without limitation, that of Chief
Executive, Managing Director or Joint Managing Director but not including that of auditor), and
may enter into an agreement or arrangement with any Director for his employment by the
Company or for the provision by him of any services outside the scope of the ordinary duties
of a Director and may also permit any person appointed to be a Director to continue in any
office or employment held by him before he was so appointed. Any such appointment,

BM 80801118.1 Confidential 53
113.3

113.4

113.5

114

115

agreement or arrangement may be made for such period and upon such terms as the Directors
determine.

Delegation of powers

Without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing the Directors may entrust to and confer
upon any Director holding any such office or employment any of the powers exercisable by
them as Directors with power to sub-delegate upon such terms and conditions and with such
restrictions as they think fit and either collaterally with or to the exclusion of their own powers,
authorities and discretions, and may from time to time revoke, withdraw, alter or vary all or any
of such powers but no person dealing in good faith and without notice of the revocation or
variation shall be affected by it.

Removal from position

The Directors may (without prejudice to any claim for damages for breach of any agreement
between the Director and the Company) remove a Director from any office and appoint another
in his place.

Cessation of position on ceasing to be a director

A Director appointed to the office of Chairman, Deputy Chairman, Managing Director, Chief
Executive or any other executive office shall automatically and immediately cease to hold that
office if he ceases to hold the office of Director for any cause, but he shall not (unless any
agreement between him and the Company shall otherwise provide) cease to hold his office as
a Director by reason only of his ceasing to be Chairman, Deputy Chairman, Managing Director,
Chief Executive of the Company or to hold any other such executive office, as the case may
be.

VOTING

Subject to Section 175(6), CA2006 and Article 119, questions arising at any meeting shall be
determined by a majority of votes. In the case of an equality of votes the Chairman of that
meeting shall have a second or casting vote. A Director who is also an alternate director shall
be entitled in the absence of his appointor to a separate vote on behalf of his appointor in
addition to his own vote and an alternate director who is appointed by 2 or more Directors shall
be entitled to a separate vote on behalf of each of his appointors, in their absence.

PARTICIPATION BY TELEPHONE AND ELECTRONIC MAIL

(a) Any Director or his alternate may validly participate in a meeting of the Board or a
committee of the Board (if he is entitled to participate in such meeting) through the
medium of conference telephone or electronic mail or similar form of
communication equipment provided that all persons participating in the meeting are
able to hear and speak to each other throughout such meeting or are able to
receive communications from each of the other Directors participating in the
meeting. A person so participating shall be deemed to be present in person at the
meeting and shall accordingly be counted in a quorum and be entitled to vote. Such
a meeting shall be deemed to take place where the largest group of those
participating is assembled or if there is no group which is larger than any other
group where the Chairman of the meeting then is.

BM 80801118.1 Confidential 54
116

117

117.1

117.2

118

(b) Subject to the provisions of the Acts, all business transacted in such manner by the
Board or a committee of the Board shall for the purpose of these Articles be
deemed to be validly and effectively transacted at a meeting of the Board or a
committee of the Board notwithstanding that 2 or fewer than 2 Directors or alternate
Directors are physically present at the same place.

RESOLUTION IN WRITING

A resolution in writing executed by all of the Directors for the time being entitled to receive
notice of a Board meeting and not being less than a quorum or by all the members of a
committee of the Board for the time entitled to receive notice of such committee meeting and
not being less than a quorum of that committee shall be as valid and effective for all purposes
as a resolution duly passed at a meeting of the Board (or committee as the case may be).
Such a resolution:

(a) may consist of several documents in the same form each executed by one or more
of the Directors or members of the relevant committee, including executions in
electronic form;

(b) need not be signed by an alternate Director if it is signed by the Director who
appointed him; and

(c) if signed by an alternate Director need not also be signed by his appointor.

For such a resolution to be effective it shall not be necessary for it to be signed by a Director
who is prohibited by these Articles from voting thereon or by his alternate.

MINUTES OF PROCEEDINGS
Contents of minutes

The Board shall cause minutes to be made in books kept for the purpose of recording all
orders, resolutions and proceedings of every meeting of the Board, of a committee of the
Board, of the Company or of the holders of any class of shares or debentures of the Company
including:

(a) all appointments of officers and committees made by the Board and of any such
officer's salary or remuneration; and

(b) the names of Directors present at every such meeting.

Evidence of proceedings

Any such minutes if purporting to be signed by the Chairman of the meeting at which the
proceedings were held or by the Chairman of the next succeeding meeting or the Secretary,
shall be prima facie evidence of the matters stated in such minutes without any further proof.

VALIDITY OF PROCEEDINGS

All acts done by a meeting of the Board or of any committee of a local board or agency or by
any person acting as a Director, alternate Director or member of a committee, local board or
agency shall, as regards all persons dealing in good faith with the Company, notwithstanding
that it is afterwards discovered that there was some defect in the appointment of any person

BM 80801118.1 Confidential 55
or persons acting as aforesaid or that they or any of them were or was disqualified from holding
office or not entitled to vote or had in any way vacated their or his office or that the delegation
to such committee, local board or agency had been annulled, varied or revoked, be as valid
as if every such person had been duly appointed, and was duly qualified and had continued to
be a Director alternate Director, or member and had been entitled to vote or as if the delegation
had continued in full force and effect.

T DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS

119 BOARD AUTHORISATION OF CONFLICTS OF INTEREST

119.1 Power to authorise

Subject to and in accordance with the CA2006 and the provision of this Article 119 (Board
authorisation of conflicts of interest), the Directors may authorise any Relevant Situation,
including without limitation, the continuing performance by the Conflicted Director of his duties
and the acceptance of or continuing in any office, employment or position in addition to that of
his office as a Director.

119.2 Provisions relating to authorisation

(a)

(b)

(©)

BM 80801118.1

Any authorisation under Article 119.1 (Power to authorise) shall be effective only if:

@
0)

(ii)

(iv)

the Relevant Situation arose on or after 1 October 2008; and

any requirement as to the quorum at any meeting of the Directors at which
the matter is considered is met without counting either the Conflicted
Director or any other interested Director; and

the matter or situation was agreed to and any relevant resolution was
passed without counting the votes of the Conflicted Director and without
counting the votes of any other interested Director (or such matter or
situation would have been so agreed and such relevant resolution would
have been so passed if their votes had not been counted); and

the Conflicted Director has disclosed in writing all material particulars of the
matter, office, employment or position which relates to the Relevant
Situation which could reasonably be expected to influence the decision of
the Independent Directors as to whether to authorise such matter, office,
employment or position which relates to the Relevant Situation and the
continuing performance of the Conflicted Director of his duties and/or the
terms of such authorisation.

Subject to the provisions of paragraph (a) any request for authorisation received
from a Conflicted Director may be dealt with and resolved upon by the Independent
Directors in such manner as any other matter may be considered and resolved
upon by the Directors in accordance with these Articles.

Any authorisation made in accordance with this Article 119 may be made on such
terms and subject to such conditions and/or limitations as the Independent
Directors may, in their absolute discretion determine (including, without limitation,
excluding the Conflicted Director and any other interested director from certain
Board meetings, withholding from him or them certain Board or other papers and/or
denying him or them access to certain confidential Company information) and such

Confidential 56
119.3

119.4

terms and limitations may be imposed at the time of or after the authorisation and
may be subsequently varied or terminated.

(d) In considering any request for authorisation in respect of a Relevant Situation, the
Independent Directors shall be entitled to exclude the Conflicted Director from any
meeting or other discussion (whether oral or written) concerning the authorisation
of such Relevant Situation and they shall also be entitled to withhold from such
Conflicted Director any Board or other papers concerning the authorisation of such
Relevant Situation.

Confidential information, absenting from Board meetings and receipt of Board papers
etc.

If a matter, office, employment or position relating to a Relevant Situation is authorised by the
Independent Directors in accordance with the provisions of this Article 119, the Conflicted
Director (for long as he reasonably believes such Relevant Situation subsists):

(a) shall not be required to disclose to the Company (including the Board or any
committee of it) any confidential information relating to such matter, office,
employment or position which he obtains or has obtained otherwise than in his
capacity as a Director, if to make such disclosure would give rise to a breach of
duty or breach of obligation of confidence owed by him to another person in relation
to such matter, office, employment or position;

(b) shall be entitled to absent himself from all or any meetings of the Board (or any
committee of it) at which anything relating to such matter, office, employment or
position will or may be discussed; and

(c) shall be entitled to make such arrangements as he thinks fit not to receive
documents or information (including, without limitation, Board papers (or those of
any committee of it)) relating to any such matter, office, employment or position
and/or for such documents or information to be received and read by a professional
adviser on his behalf,

and in so doing, such Conflicted Director shall not be in breach of any general duty he owes
to the Company pursuant to Sections 171 to 177 (inclusive), CA2006 and the provisions of this
Article 119.3 shall be without prejudice to any equitable principle or rule of law which may
excuse the Conflicted Director from disclosing information or attending meetings or receiving
documents or information, in circumstances where such disclosure, attendance or receipt
would otherwise be required under these Articles.

Exceptions to requirement for authorisation

It shall not be necessary for a Conflicted Director to seek any authorisation under this Article
119 if:

(a) the Relevant Situation cannot reasonably be regarded as likely to give rise to a
conflict of interest;

(b) the conflict of interest arises in relation to a proposed or existing transaction or
arrangement with the Company in which the Conflicted Director is in any way,
directly or indirectly, interested; or

BM 80801118.1 Confidential S7
the provisions of Chapter 4, Part 10, CA2006 apply to the Relevant Situation and
either approval is given in accordance with the relevant provision(s) of that Chapter
or any such approval is not required (as determined in accordance with the relevant
provision of that Chapter).

120 DIRECTOR MAY HAVE INTERESTS

Provided permitted by the Acts and provided he has disclosed to the Board the nature and
extent of his interest in accordance with Article 121 (Disclosure of interests to Board), a
Director, notwithstanding his office:

(a)

(b)

(a)

may be a party to, or otherwise interested in any contract, arrangement, transaction
or proposal with the Company or in which the Company is otherwise interested,
either in regard to his tenure of any office or place of profit or as vendor, purchaser
or otherwise;

may hold any other office or place of profit under the Company (except that of
Auditor or of auditor of a subsidiary of the Company) in addition to the office of
Director and may act by himself or through his firm in a professional capacity for
the Company and in any such case on such terms as to remuneration and
otherwise as the Remuneration Committee may agree either in addition to or in lieu
of any remuneration provided for by any other Article;

may be a member of or a director or other officer of, or employed by, or a party to
any transaction or arrangement with or otherwise interested in, any body corporate
promoted by or promoting the Company or in which the Company is otherwise
interested or as regards which the Company has any powers of appointment;

shall not, by reason of his office, be liable to account to the Company for any
dividend, profit, remuneration, superannuation payment or other benefit which he
derives from:

(i) any matter, office, employment or position which relates to a Relevant
Situation authorised in accordance with Article 119 (Board authorisation of
conflicts of interest); or

(ii) any office, employment, contract, arrangement, transaction or proposal or
other interest permitted pursuant to paragraphs (a) to (c) (inclusive) of this
Article 120,

and no contract, arrangement, transaction or proposal shall be avoided on the grounds of any
Director having any such interest or receiving any such dividend, profit, remuneration,
superannuation, payment or other benefit authorised in accordance with Article 119 (Board
authorisation of conflicts of interest) or permitted pursuant to paragraphs (a) to (c) (inclusive)
of this Article 120 and the receipt of any such dividend, profit, remuneration, superannuation,
payment or other benefit so authorised or permitted shall not constitute a breach of the duty
not to accept benefits from third parties as set out in section 176, CA2006.

BM 80801118.1

Confidential 58
121

121.1

121.2

121.3

121.4

121.5

DISCLOSURE OF INTERESTS TO BOARD.

Declaration of interest other than in relation to transactions or arrangements with the
Company

A Director shall declare the nature and extent of his interest in a Relevant Situation to the other
Directors and any such declaration shall be made in accordance with the provisions of Articles
121.4 to 121.6 (inclusive).

Declaration of interest in a proposed transaction or arrangement with the Company

If a Director is in any way, directly or indirectly, interested in a proposed transaction or
arrangement with the Company, he must declare the nature and extent of that interest to the
other Directors and any such declaration shall be made in accordance with the provisions of
Articles 121.4 to 121.6 (inclusive).

Declaration of interest in an existing transaction or arrangement with the Company

If a Director is in any way, directly or indirectly, interested in a transaction or arrangement
which has already been entered into by the Company, he must declare the nature and extent
of his interest to the other Directors (unless the interest has already been declared under Article
121.2 (Declaration of interest in a proposed transaction or arrangement with the Company))
and any such declaration shall be made in accordance with the provisions of Articles 121.4 to
121.6 (inclusive).

Method of declarations of interest

(a) The declaration of interest must (in the case of Article 121.3 (Declaration of interest
in an existing transaction or arrangement with the Company)) and may, but need
not (in the case of Article 121.1 (Declaration of interest other than in relation to
transactions or arrangements with the Company) or Article 121.2 (Declaration of
interest in a proposed transaction or arrangement with the Company), be made:

(i) at a meeting of the Directors’; or
(ii) by notice to the Directors in accordance with:
1) Section 184, CA2006 (notice in writing); or
2) Section 185, CA2006 (general notice).
(b) If any declaration of interest made pursuant to Articles 121.1 to 121.3 (inclusive)
proves to be, or becomes, inaccurate or incomplete, a further declaration must be
made.

Timing of declarations of interest

(a) Any declaration of interest required by Article 121.1 (Declaration of interest other
than in relation to transactions or arrangements with the Company) must be made
as soon as is reasonably practicable Failure to comply with this requirement does
not affect the underlying duty to make the declaration of interest.

BM 80801118.1 Confidential 59
121.6

122

(b) Any declaration of interest required by Article 121.2 (Declaration of interests in a
proposed transaction or arrangement with the Company) must be made before the
Company enters into the transaction or arrangement.

(c) Any declaration of interest required by Article 121.3 (Declaration of interest in an
existing transaction or arrangement with the Company) above must be made as
soon as is reasonably practicable. Failure to comply with this requirement does not
affect the underlying duty to make the declaration of interest.

Exceptions to requirement for declaration of interest
No declaration of interest is required under this Article 121:
(a) in relation to an interest of which the Director is not aware, or where the Director is

not aware of the transaction or arrangement in question For this purpose, a
Director is treated as being aware of matters of which he ought reasonably to be

aware;

(b) if the interest cannot reasonably be regarded as likely to give rise to a conflict of
interest,

(c) if, or to the extent that, the other Directors are already aware of it (and for this

purpose the other Directors are treated as aware of anything of which they ought
reasonably to be aware); or

(d) if, or to the extent that, it concerns terms of his service contract that have been or
are to be considered:

(i) by a meeting of the Directors; or
(i) by a committee of the Directors appointed for the purpose under these
Articles.

INTERESTED DIRECTOR NOT TO VOTE OR COUNT FOR QUORUM

Save as provided in this Article 122, a Director shall not vote on or be counted in the quorum
in relation to any resolution of the Board or of a committee of the Board concerning any
transaction or arrangement with the Company in which he has an interest which may
reasonably be regarded as likely to give rise to a conflict of interest, unless the resolution
relates to one of the matters set out in the following sub-paragraphs in which case (subject to
the terms of any authorisation granted pursuant to Article 119 (Board authorisation of conflicts
of interest)) he shall be entitled to vote and be counted in the quorum:

(a) the giving to him of any guarantee, security or indemnity in respect of money lent or
obligations incurred by him at the request of or for the benefit of the Company or
any of its subsidiary undertakings;

(b) the giving to a third party of any guarantee, security or indemnity in respect of a
debt or obligation of the Company or any of its subsidiary undertakings for which he
himself has assumed responsibility in whole or in part either alone or jointly with
others, under a guarantee or indemnity or by the giving of security;

BM 80801118.1 Confidential 60
123

124

(c) where the Company or any of its subsidiary undertakings is offering securities in
which offer the Director is or may be entitled to participate as a holder of securities
or in the underwriting or sub-underwriting of which the Director is to participate;

(d) relating to another company in which he and any persons connected with him do
not to his knowledge hold an interest in shares (as that term is used in Sections
820 to 825 (inclusive), CA2006) representing 1% or more of either any class of the
equity share capital, or the voting rights, in such company;

(e) relating to an arrangement for the benefit of the employees of the Company or any
of its subsidiary undertakings which does not award him any privilege or benefit not
generally awarded to the employees to whom such arrangement relates;

(f) concerning insurance which the Company proposes to maintain or purchase for the
benefit of Directors or for the benefit of persons including Directors;

(g) the funding of expenditure by one or more Directors in defending proceedings
against him or them or doing anything to enable such Director(s) to avoid incurring
such expenditure provided that such funding is consistent with, or no more
beneficial to him than the provisions of these Articles (and provided always such
funding is permitted pursuant to the provisions of the Acts); or

(h) the giving of an indemnity or indemnities in favour of one or more Directors which
is/are consistent with, or no more beneficial to him than any such indemnities
provided pursuant these Articles (and provided always such indemnities are
permitted pursuant to the provisions of the Acts).

DIRECTOR'S INTEREST IN OWN APPOINTMENT

A Director shall not vote or be counted in the quorum on any resolution of the Board or
committee of the Board concerning his own appointment (including fixing or varying the terms
of his appointment or its termination) as the holder of any office or place of profit with the
Company or any company in which the Company is interested. Where proposals are under
consideration concerning the appointment (including fixing or varying the terms of appointment
or termination) of 2 or more Directors to offices or places of profit with the Company or any
company in which the Company is interested, such proposals may be divided and a separate
resolution considered in relation to each Director. In such case each of the Directors concerned
(if not otherwise debarred from voting under these Articles) shall be entitled to vote (and be
counted in the quorum) in respect of each resolution except that concerning his own
appointment.

CHAIRMAN'S RULING CONCLUSIVE ON DIRECTOR'S INTEREST

If any question-arises at any meeting of the Board or any committee of board as to whether an
interest of a Director (other than the Chairman's interest) shall reasonably be regarded as likely
to give rise to a conflict of interest or as to the entitlement of any Director (other than the
Chairman) to vote or be counted in a quorum and such question is not resolved by his
voluntarily agreeing to abstain from voting or being counted in the quorum such question
(unless the Director concerned is the Chairman in which case Article 125 (Director's resolution
conclusive on Chairman's interest) shall apply) shall before the conclusion of the meeting be
referred to the Chairman of the meeting The Chairman's ruling in relation to the Director

BM 80801118.1 Confidential 61
125

126

127

128

concerned shall be final and conclusive except in a case where the nature or extent of the
interest of the Director has not been fairly disclosed.

DIRECTORS' RESOLUTION CONCLUSIVE ON CHAIRMAN'S INTEREST

If any question arises at any meeting of the Board or any committee of the Board as to whether
an interest of the Chairman shall reasonably be regarded as likely to give rise to a conflict of
interest or as to the entitlement of the Chairman to vote or be counted in a quorum and such
question is not resolved by his voluntarily agreeing to abstain from voting or being counted in
the quorum, such question shall before the conclusion of the meeting be decided by resolution
of the Directors or committee members present at the meeting (excluding the Chairman)
whose majority vote shall be final and conclusive except in a case where the nature or extent
of the interest of the Director has not been fairly disclosed.

ALTERNATE DIRECTORS

For the purposes of Articles 119 to 125 (inclusive), in relation to an alternate Director, an
interest of his appointor shall be treated as an interest of the alternate Director without
prejudice to any interest which the alternate Director otherwise has.

THE SEAL, OFFICIAL SEAL FOR USE ABROAD AND EXECUTION OF DEEDS WITHOUT SEALING
APPLICATION OF SEAL

The Seal shall be used only by the authority of a resolution of the Board or of a committee of
the Board so authorised The Board may determine whether any instrument to which the Seal
is affixed shall be signed and if it is to be signed who shall sign it. Unless otherwise so
determined (and subject to any contrary provisions of these Articles regarding share
certificates and warrants):

(a) share certificates and warrants and (subject to the provisions of any instrument
constituting them) certificates issued under the Seal in respect of any debentures
or other securities (but excluding letters of allotment or scrip certificates) shall be
signed by the Board but the Board may, by resolution, determine that any
signatures may be affixed to or printed on any such certificate by any means
approved by the Board (including such signature(s) being applied by any
mechanical or electronic means in place of the person's actual signature) or that
such certificates need not bear any signature; and

(b) every other instrument to which the Seal is affixed shall be signed by a Director and
the Secretary or by 2 Directors or by any other person appointed by the Board for
the purpose.

EXECUTION OF DEEDS WITHOUT SEALING

A document signed by:

(a) a Director and by the Secretary; or
(b) two Directors; or
(c) by a Director in the presence of a witness who attests the signature,

BM 80801118.1 Confidential 62
129

130

130.1

130.2

131

132

and expressed (in whatever form of words) to be executed by the Company as a deed, shall
have the same effect as if it were executed under the Seal, provided that no instrument shall
be so signed which makes it clear on its face that it is intended by the person or persons
making it not to have effect as a deed without the authority of a resolution of the Board or of a
committee of the Board authorised in that behalf. An instrument or document which is executed
by the Company as a deed shall not be deemed to be delivered by the Company solely as a
result of it having been executed by the Company.

OFFICIAL SEAL FOR USE ABROAD

Subject to the provisions of the Acts, the Company may have an official seal for use in any
place abroad and the Company may by an instrument executed by the Company appoint any
agent or committee abroad to be the duly authorised agent or committee of the Company for
the purpose of affixing and using such official seal and may impose such restrictions on the
use thereon as it may think fit.

SECRETARY
THE SECRETARY
Board's power of appointment

Subject to the provisions of the Acts, the Board shall appoint a Secretary or joint secretaries
and shall have power to appoint one or more persons to be an assistant or deputy secretary
each for such term, at such remuneration and on such other terms and conditions as it thinks
fit and any Secretary so appointed may be removed by the Board but without prejudice to any
claim for damages for breach of any contract of services between him and the Company.

Limitations where a Director is also a secretary

Any provision of the Acts or of these Articles requiring or authorising a thing to be done by or
to a Director and the Secretary shall not be satisfied by its being done by or to the same person
acting both as Director and as, or in place of, the Secretary.

DIVIDEND AND OTHER PAYMENTS,
DECLARATION OF DIVIDENDS.

Subject to the provisions of the Acts and of these Articles, the Company may by ordinary
resolution declare that out of profits available for distribution dividends be paid to members
according to their respective rights and interests in the profits of the Company available for
distribution However, no dividend shall exceed the amount recommended by the Board.

INTERIM DIVIDENDS

Subject to the provisions of the Acts and of these Articles, the Board may declare and pay
such interim dividends (including any dividend payable at a fixed rate) as appear to the Board
to be justified by the profits of the Company available for distribution and the position of the
Company. If at any time the share capital of the Company is divided into different classes, the
Board may pay such interim dividends on shares which rank after shares conferring
preferential rights with regard to dividend as well as on shares conferring preferential rights

BM 80801118.1 Confidential 63
133

133.1

133.2

133.3

134

135

unless at the time of payment any preferential dividend is in arrears. Provided that the Board
acts in good faith it shall not incur any liability to the holders of shares conferring preferential
tights for any loss that they may suffer in consequence of the declaration of, or by the lawful
payment of, any interim dividend on any shares ranking after those with preferential rights.

ENTITLEMENT TO DIVIDENDS
Accrual of dividends

Except as otherwise provided by these Articles and by the rights attached to shares, all
dividends shall be declared and paid according to the amounts paid up (otherwise than in
advance of calls) on the shares on which the dividend is paid. Subject as aforesaid, all
dividends shall be apportioned and paid pro rata according to the amounts paid up or credited
as paid up on the shares during any portion or portions of the period in respect of which the
dividend is paid but if any share is issued on terms providing that it shall rank for dividend as
from a particular date or be entitled to dividends declared after a particular date it shall rank
for or be entitled to dividends accordingly.

Payment of dividends

All dividends and interest shall be paid (subject to any lien of the Company) to those members
whose names shall be on the register at the date at which such dividend shall be declared or
at the date at which such interest shall be payable respectively, or at such other date as the
Company by ordinary resolution or the Board may determine, notwithstanding any subsequent
transfer or transmission of shares.

Shares passing by transmission

The Board may pay the dividends or interest payable on shares in respect of which any person
is by transmission entitled to be registered as holder to such person upon production of such
certificate and evidence as would be required if such person desired to be registered as a
member in respect of such shares.

CALLS OR DEBTS MAY BE DEDUCTED FROM DIVIDENDS

The Board may deduct from any dividend or other money payable to any member on or in
respect of a share all such sums as may be due from him to the Company on account of calls
or otherwise in relation to the shares of the Company.

DISTRIBUTION IN SPECIE

The Company in general meeting may, on the recommendation of the Board, by ordinary
resolution direct that payment of any dividend declared may be satisfied wholly or partly by the
distribution of assets, and in particular, of fully paid up shares or debentures of any other
company or in any one or more of such ways Where any difficulty arises in regard to such
distribution the Board may settle it as it thinks fit. In particular, subject to the provisions of the
Acts, the Board may:

(a) issue fractional certificates or authorise any person to sell and transfer any
fractions or disregard fractions altogether;

BM 80801118.1 Confidential 64
136

137

137.1

137.2

(b) fix the value for distribution of such assets or any part of them and determine that
cash payments may be made to any members on the footing of the value so fixed,
in order to adjust the rights of members; and

(c) vest any such assets in trustees on trust for the persons entitled to the dividend.

DIVIDENDS NOT TO BEAR INTEREST

Unless otherwise provided by the rights attached to the share no dividend or other moneys
payable by the Company or in respect of a share shall bear interest as against the Company.

METHOD OF PAYMENT
General provisions

The Company may pay any dividend, interest or other sum payable in respect of a share in
cash or by direct debit, bank transfer, cheque, dividend warrant or money order (or in respect
of any uncertificated share, through the Uncertificated System) and may send it by post or
other delivery service to the registered address of the member or person entitled to it (or if 2
or more persons are holders of the share or are jointly entitled to it by reason of the death or
bankruptcy of the member or otherwise by operation of law to the registered address of such
of those persons as is first named in the Register) or to such person and such address as such
member or person or persons may direct in writing. Every cheque, warrant or order is sent at
the risk of the person entitled to the money represented by it and shall be made payable to the
order of the person or persons entitled or, where an authority in that behalf shall have been
received by the Company in such form as the Company shall consider sufficient, to such other
person as the person or persons entitled may direct in writing. Payment of the cheque, warrant
or order to the person entitled or the person specified in such authority shall be a good
discharge by the Company. If any such cheque, warrant or order has or shall be alleged to
have been lost, stolen or destroyed the Board may at the request of the person entitled to it
issue a replacement cheque, warrant or order, subject to compliance with such conditions as
to evidence and indemnity and the payment of out-of-pocket expenses of the Company in
connection with the request as the Board may think fit. Any joint holder or other person jointly
entitled to a share may give an effective receipt for any dividend or other moneys payable in
respect of such share. Any such dividend, interest or other sum may also be paid by any other
method as the Board considers appropriate. If the payment is made on behalf of the Company
through the Uncertificated System the Company shall not be responsible for any default in
accounting for such payment to the member or other person entitled to such payment by a
bank or other financial intermediary of which the member or other person is a customer for
settlement purposes in connection with the Uncertificated System.

Payment in currencies other than sterling

The Board may, at its discretion, make provisions to enable such member(s) as the Board shall
from time to time determine to receive dividends duly declared in a currency or currencies
other than sterling. For the purposes of the calculation of the amount receivable in respect of
any dividend, the rate of exchange to be used to determine the foreign currency equivalent of
any sum payable as a dividend shall be such market rate selected by the Board as it shall
consider appropriate at the close of business in London on the date which is the business day
last preceding:

BM 80801118.1 Confidential 65
137.3

138

139

140

(a) in the case of a dividend to be declared by the Company in general meeting, the
date on which the Board publicly announces its intention to recommend that
specific dividend; and

(b) in the case of any other dividend, the date on which the Board publicly announces
its intention to pay that specific dividend, provided that where the Board considers
the circumstances to be appropriate it shall determine such foreign currency
equivalent by reference to such market rate or rates or the mean of such market
rates prevailing at such time or times or on such other date or dates, in each case
falling before the time of the relevant announcement, as the Board may select.

Payments through the Uncertificated System
The Board may:

(a) lay down procedures for making any payments in respect of uncertificated shares
through the Uncertificated System;

(b) allow any holder of uncertificated shares to elect to receive or not to receive any
such payment through the Uncertificated System; and

(c) lay down procedures to enable any such holder to make, vary or revoke any such
election.

The Company may make, or procure the making of, any payment in respect of a member's
uncertificated shares through the Uncertificated System in accordance with any authority given
to the Company to do so (whether in writing, through the Uncertificated System or otherwise)
by or on behalf of the member in a form satisfactory to the Board. The making of such payment
in accordance with such authority shall be a good discharge by the Company.

UNCASHED DIVIDENDS

If cheques, warrants or orders for dividends or other sums payable in respect of a share sent
by the Company to the person entitled thereto by post are returned to the Company
undelivered or left uncashed on 2 consecutive occasions the Company shall not be obliged to
send any further dividends or other moneys payable in respect of that share due to that person
until he notifies the Company of an address to be used for the purpose.

UNCLAIMED DIVIDENDS

All dividends, interest or other sum payable and unclaimed for 12 months after having become
payable may be invested or otherwise made use of by the Board for the benefit of the Company
until claimed and the Company shall not be constituted a trustee in respect thereof. All
dividends unclaimed for a period of 12 years after having become due for payment shall (if the
Board so resolves) be forfeited and shall revert to the Company.

WAIVER OF DIVIDENDS

The waiver in whole or in part of any dividend on any share by any document (whether or not
under seal) shall be effective only if such document is signed by the member (or the person
entitled to the share in consequence of the death, bankruptcy or mental disorder of the holder

BM 80801118.1 Confidential 66
or otherwise by operation of law) and delivered to the Company and only if or to the extent that
the same is accepted as such or acted upon by the Company.

141 PAYMENT OF SCRIP DIVIDENDS

141.1 Authority to pay scrip dividends

The Board may with the prior authority of an ordinary resolution of the Company and subject
to such conditions as the Board may determine and provided that the Company has sufficient
unissued shares and undistributed profits or reserves to give effect to it, offer to any holders of
Ordinary Shares the right to elect to receive Ordinary Shares credited as fully paid, in whole
or in part instead of cash in respect of the whole or some part (to be determined by the Board)
of any dividend specified by the ordinary resolution. The following provisions shall apply:

(a)

(a)

(b)

(d)

BM 80801118.1

the said resolution may specify a particular dividend, or may specify all or any
dividends declared within a specified period or periods but such period may not end
later than the beginning of the fifth annual general meeting following the date of the
meeting at which such resolution is passed;

the entitlement of each holder of Ordinary Shares to new Ordinary Shares shall be
such that the relevant value of the entitlement shall, unless the Board otherwise
determines, be as nearly as possible equal to the cash amount (disregarding any
tax credit) of the dividend that such holder would have received by way of dividend.
For this purpose "relevant value" shall be calculated by reference to the average of
the middle market quotations for the Ordinary Shares on the London Stock
Exchange, as derived from the Daily Official List, for the day on which the Ordinary
Shares are first quoted "ex" the relevant dividend and the four subsequent dealing
days, or in such other manner as the Board may determine on such basis as it
considers to be fair and reasonable. A certificate or report by the Auditors as to the
amount of the relevant value in respect of any dividend shall be conclusive
evidence of that amount and in giving such a certificate or report the Auditors may
rely on advice or information from such brokers or other sources of information as
they think fit;

no fractions of a share shall be allotted and the Directors may make such provision
as they think fit for dealing with the case of shares otherwise becoming
distributable in fractions including provisions whereby, in whole or in part, the
benefit of the fractional entitlements accrues to the Company rather than to the
members concerned;

the Directors may specify a minimum number of Ordinary Shares in respect of
which the right of election may be exercised;

without prejudice to Article 141.2 (Election mandates), the Board shall, after
determining the basis of allotment, notify the holders of Ordinary Shares in writing
of the right of election offered to them and specify the procedure to be followed and
place at which and the latest time by which (being at least 21 clear days after the
despatch of the notice) elections must be lodged in order to be effective. A form of
election lodged in respect of a particular dividend in relation to which the Directors
have announced their intention to offer elections may not be revoked as regards
the said dividend unless prior to the latest time specified by the Directors for
lodgement of elections in respect of the said dividend written notice of revocation is
lodged at the place specified by the Directors as aforesaid;

Confidential 67
(e)

(g)

(h)

()

the Board may exclude from any offer or impose any restrictions on any holders of
Ordinary Shares or any Ordinary Shares on which dividends are payable in foreign
currency as they think necessary or desirable where the Board considers that the
making of the offer to them or in respect of such shares would or might involve the
contravention of the laws of any territory or that such exclusions or restrictions are
necessary or expedient;

the Board may determine that every duly effected election in respect of any
Ordinary Shares shall be binding on every successor in title to their holder;

the dividend (or that part of the dividend in respect of which a right of election has
been offered) shall not be payable on Ordinary Shares in respect of which an
election has been duly made (the "elected Ordinary Shares") and instead additional
Ordinary Shares shall be allotted to the holders of the elected Ordinary Shares on
the basis of allotment determined as aforesaid. For such purpose the Board may
capitalise out of any amount for the time being standing to the credit of any reserve
or fund (including any share premium account or capital redemption reserve) or of
any of the profits which could otherwise have been applied in paying dividends in
cash as the Board may determine, a sum equal to the aggregate nominal amount
of the additional Ordinary Shares to be allotted on that basis and apply it in paying
up in full the appropriate number of unissued Ordinary Shares for allotment and
distribution to the holders of the elected Ordinary Shares on that basis. A Board
resolution capitalising any part of such reserve or fund or profits shall have the
same effect as if such capitalisation had been declared by ordinary resolution of the
Company in accordance with Article 143 (Capitalisation of reserves) and in relation
to any such capitalisation the Board may exercise all the powers conferred on them
by Article 143 (Capitalisation of reserves) without need of such ordinary resolution;

the additional Ordinary Shares so allotted shall rank pari passu in all respects with
each other and with the fully paid Ordinary Shares in issue on the record date for
the dividend in respect of which the right of election has been offered except that
they will not rank for any dividend or other distribution or other entitlement
(including the relevant dividend and the share election in lieu of such dividend)
which has been declared, paid or made by reference to such record date or any
earlier record date; and

the Board may terminate, suspend or amend any offer of the right to elect to
receive Ordinary Shares in lieu of any cash dividend at any time (whether
temporarily or otherwise) and shall not proceed with any election unless the
Company has sufficient unissued shares authorised for issue and sufficient
reserves or funds that may be capitalised to give effect to it after the basis of
allotment is determined.

141.2 Election mandates

The Board may also from time to time establish or vary a procedure for election mandates,
under which a holder of Ordinary Shares may elect to receive Ordinary Shares credited as fully
paid instead of cash in respect of all or certain future rights offered to that holder under this
Article until the election mandate is revoked in accordance with any such procedure.

141.3 Admission of shares

The Company shall apply to the relevant regulatory authority for the additional Ordinary Shares
so allotted to be admitted to the recognised investment-exchange(s) or other stock exchanges

BM 80801118.1

Confidential 68
141.4

142

143

and securities list(s) (if any) to which the Company's existing issued Ordinary Shares are
admitted.

Directors' powers

Subject to the provisions of the Acts, the Directors shall have power to do all acts and things
as they consider necessary or expedient to give effect to this Article.

RESERVES

The Board may, before recommending any dividend (whether preferential or otherwise) carry
to reserves out of the profits of the Company such sums as it thinks fit. All sums standing to
reserves may be applied from time to time, at the discretion of the Board, for any other purpose
to which the profits of the Company may properly be applied and pending such application
may either be employed in the business of the Company or be invested in such investments
as the Board thinks fit and so that it shall not be necessary to keep any investment constituting
the reserve separate or distinct from any other investment of the Company. The Board may
divide the reserve into such special funds as it thinks fit and may (subject to the following
sentence) consolidate into one fund any special fund or any part of any special fund into which
the reserve may have been divided as it thinks fit. Any sum which the Board may carry to
reserve out of the unrealised profit of the Company shall not be mixed with any reserve to
which profits available for distribution have been carried. The Board may also, without placing
the same to reserve, carry forward any profit which it may think prudent not to distribute.

CAPITALISATION OF RESERVES
The Board may with the authority of an ordinary resolution of the Company:

(a) subject as provided in this Article, resolve to capitalise any profits of the Company
not required for paying any preferential dividend (whether or not they are available
for distribution) or any sum standing to the credit of any reserve or fund of the
Company which is available for distribution or standing to the credit of share
premium account or capital redemption reserve or other undistributable reserve;

(b) appropriate the sum resolved to be capitalised on the date specified in the
resolution to the holders of Ordinary Shares in proportion to the nominal amount of
the shares (whether or not fully paid) held by them respectively which would entitle
them to participate in a distribution of that sum if the shares were fully paid and the
sum was then distributable and was distributed by way of dividend, and apply such
sum on their behalf in or towards paying up the amount, if any, for the time being
unpaid on any share held by them respectively and/or in paying up in full unissued
shares or debentures of the Company of a nominal amount equal to that sum and
allot the shares or debentures credited as fully paid to those holders of Ordinary
Shares or as they may direct in those proportions provided that:

(i) the share premium account, the capital redemption reserve, any other
undistributable reserve and any profits which are not available for
distribution may, for the purposes of this Article, only be applied in paying
up unissued shares to be allotted to holders of Ordinary Shares credited
as fully paid; and

(ii) in a case where any sum is applied in paying amounts for the time being
unpaid on any shares of the Company or in paying up in full debentures of

BM 80801118.1 Confidential 69
144

145

146

the Company, the amount of the net assets of the Company at that time is
not less than the aggregate of the called up share capital of the Company
and its undistributable reserves as shown in the latest audited accounts of
the Company or such other accounts as may be relevant and would not be
reduced below that aggregate by the payment of it;

(a) resolve that any shares so allotted to any member in respect of a holding by him of
any partly paid shares shall, so long as such shares remain partly paid, rank for
dividends only to the extent that such partly paid shares rank for dividends;

(b) make such provision by the issue of fractional certificates (or by ignoring fractions
or by accruing the benefit of such fractions to the Company rather than to the
holders of Ordinary Shares concerned) or by payment in cash or otherwise as it
thinks fit in the case of shares or debentures becoming distributable in fractions;
and

(c) generally do all acts and things required to give effect to such resolution.

The Directors may appoint any person to sign any contract with the Company on behalf of
those who are entitled to shares under the resolution Such a contract shall be binding on all
concerned.

RECORD DATES

Notwithstanding any other provision of these Articles but subject always to the provisions of
the Acts and without prejudice to the rights attached to any shares, the Company or the Board
may fix any date (the "record date") as the date at the close of business (or such other time as
the Board may determine) on which persons registered as the holders of shares or other
securities shall be entitled to receipt of any dividend, distribution, interest, allotment, issue,
notice, information, document or circular. Such record date may be on or at any time within 6
months before any date on which such dividend, distribution, interest, allotment, issue, notice,
information, document or circular is declared, paid, made, or sent or supplied In the absence
of a record date being fixed, entitlement to any dividend, distribution, allotment or issue shall
be determined by reference to the date on which the dividend is declared or the distribution,
allotment or issue is made.

ACCOUNTS
ACCOUNTING RECORDS

The Board shall cause accounting records to be kept in accordance with the provisions of the
Acts and shall keep such other books and registers as are necessary to comply with the
provisions of the Acts.

INSPECTION OF RECORDS,

The accounting records shall be kept at the registered office or (subject to the provisions of
the Acts) at such other place in United Kingdom as the Board thinks fit. No member (other than
a Director) shall have any right to inspect any accounting record or other document of the
Company unless he is authorised to do so by statute, by order of the Court, by the Board or
by ordinary resolution of the Company. Such records shall at all times be open to inspection
by officers of the Company.

BM 80801118.1 Confidential 70
147

148

149

149.1

149.2

SENDING OUT COPIES OF ACCOUNTS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS

(a) Except as provided in Article 148 (Summary financial statements) and except as
provided in Section 423(2), CA2006 and subject to Article 154.7 (Joint holders), a
copy of the Directors’ and Auditor's reports, accompanied by a copy of the annual
accounts (including every document required by law to be comprised in them or
annexed or attached to such accounts), shall, not less than 21 clear days before
the meeting of the Company before which they are to be laid, be sent or supplied

to:

(i) every member; and

(ii) every holder of debentures of the Company; and

(ili) the Auditors; and

(iv) every other person who is entitled to receive notice of general meetings,

and shall be sent or supplied in any manner in which documents or information may be sent
or supplied by the Company to a member in accordance with these Articles.

(a) Any member to whom such documents are sent or supplied shall be entitled to
receive a further copy, free of charge, on application at the Office.

(b) If all or any of the shares in or debentures of the Company are listed or dealt in on
any stock exchange, there shall at the same time be forwarded such number of
copies of each of those documents to such persons as the regulations of that stock
exchange may from time to time require.

SUMMARY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The Company may, in accordance with and subject to the provisions of Sections 426 to 429
(inclusive), CA2006 (to the extent applicable to the Company) and any regulations made under
it, send or supply a summary financial statement to any member instead of or in addition to the
documents referred to in Article 147 (Sending out copies of accounts and other documents).
Where it does so, the statement shall be sent or supplied to the member not less than 21 clear
days before the meeting before which those documents are to be laid.

AUDITORS
DEFECTIVE APPOINTMENT AND RIGHTS OF AUDITOR
Defective appointment

Subject to the provisions of the Acts, all acts done by any person acting as an auditor of the
Company shall, as regards all persons dealing in good faith with the Company, be valid,
notwithstanding that there was some defect in his appointment or that he was at the time of
his appointment not qualified for appointment or subsequently became disqualified.

Auditor's rights

Pursuant to the provisions of Section 502, CA2006, an Auditor shall be entitled to:

BM 80801118.1 Confidential 71
150

150.1

150.2

(a) receive all notices of, and other communications relating to, any general meeting
which a member of the Company is entitled to receive;

(b) attend any general meeting of the Company; and

(c) be heard at any general meeting which he attends on any part of the business of
the meeting which concerns him as Auditor,

and where the Auditor is a firm, the right to attend or be heard at a meeting is exercisable by
an individual authorised by the firm in writing to act as its representative at the meeting.

DESTRUCTION AND AUTHENTICATION OF DOCUMENTS
DESTRUCTION OF DOCUMENTS
Documents which may be destroyed

Subject to the provisions of the Acts, including (but not limited to) any rules relating to
uncertificated shares, the Company may destroy:

(a) any instrument of transfer after 6 years from the date on which it is registered;

(b) any dividend mandate or any variation or cancellation thereof or any notification of
change of name or address after 2 years from the date on which it is recorded;

(c) any registered certificate for debentures or representing any other form of
securities after one year from the date on which it is cancelled;

(d) any other document on the basis of which any entry in the Register is made after 6
years from the date on which an entry was first made in the Register in respect of
it;

(e) all paid dividend warrants and cheques at any time after the expiration of one year
from the date of actual payment thereof; and

(f) all instruments of proxy which have been used for the purpose of a poll at any time
after the expiration of two years from the date of such use (or such longer period to
enable the Company to comply with the provisions of Section 353, CA2006, if
applicable) and all instruments of proxy which have not been used for the purpose
of a poll at any time after one month from the end of the meeting to which the
instrument of proxy relates and at which no poll was demanded,

provided that the Company may destroy any such type of document after such shorter period
as the Board may determine if a copy of such documentis retained on microfilm or other similar
means which shall not be destroyed before the expiration of the relevant period and provided
that adequate precautions against falsification and to share reproduction are taken.

Presumption in respect of destroyed documents

It shall be conclusively presumed in favour of the Company that every entry in the Register
purporting to have been made on the basis of a document so destroyed was duly and properly
made, that every instrument of transfer so destroyed was duly registered, that every share
certificate so destroyed was a valid and effective certificate duly cancelled, that every other
document so destroyed had been properly dealt with in accordance with its terms and was

BM 80801118.1 Confidential 72
151

151.1

151.2

AA

152

valid and effective in accordance with the particulars in the records of the Company, provided
that:

(a) this Article 150 shall apply only to the destruction of a document in good faith and
without notice of any claim (regardless of the parties to it) to which the document
might be relevant;

(b) nothing in this Article 150 shall be construed as imposing on the Company any
liability in respect of the destruction of any such document or otherwise than as
provided for in this Article 150 which would not attach to the Company in the
absence of this Article 150; and

(c) references in this Article 150 to the destruction of any document include references
to the disposal of it in any manner.

AUTHENTICATION OF DOCUMENTS
Power to authenticate

Any Director or the Secretary or any person appointed by the Board for the purpose shall have
power to authenticate:

(a) any documents affecting the constitution of the Company;

(b) any resolutions passed by the Company or the Directors or any committee; and

(c) any books, records, documents and accounts relating to the business of the
Company,

and to certify copies of them or extracts from them as true copies or extracts and where any
books, records, documents or accounts are elsewhere than at the Office, the local manager or
other officer of the Company having the custody of them shall be deemed to be a person
appointed by the Board as aforesaid.

Conclusive evidence

A document purporting to be a copy of a resolution, or an extract from the minutes of a meeting,
of the Company or of the Directors or any committee which is certified as aforesaid shall be
conclusive evidence in favour of all persons dealing with the Company in reliance on them that
such resolution has been duly passed or, as the case may be, that any minute so extracted is
a true and accurate record of proceedings at a duly constituted meeting.

COMMUNICATIONS
METHOD OF COMMUNICATIONS

Subject to the provisions of the Acts, any document or information required or authorised to be
sent or supplied by the Company to any member or any person pursuant to these Articles, the
Companies Acts or any other rules or regulations to which the Company may be subject, may
be sent or supplied in hard copy form, in electronic form, by means of a website or in any other
way in which documents or information may be sent or supplied by or to the Company pursuant
to the Acts. The provisions of the CA2006 which apply to sending or, supplying a document or

BM 80801118.1 Confidential 73
153

153.1

153.2

153.3

154

154.1

information required or authorised to be sent or supplied by the Companies Acts by making it
available on a website shall, mutatis mutandis, apply to the sending or supplying of any
document or information required or authorised to be sent by the Company's Articles of
Association or any other rules or regulations to which the Company may be subject by making
it available on a website.

COMMUNICATIONS BY MEMBERS TO THE COMPANY
Communications by members to the Company in hard copy form

A document or information is validly sent or supplied by a member to the Company in hard
copy form if it is sent or supplied by hand or by post (in a prepaid envelope containing the
document or information) in either case to:

(a) an address specified by the Company for the purpose;
(b) the Office; or
(c) an address to which any provision of the Acts authorises the document or

information to be sent or supplied.

Communications by members to the Company in electronic form

Adocument or information is validly sent or supplied by a member to the Company in electronic
form if the Company has either agreed (generally or specifically) that the document or
information may be sent or supplied in that form and has not revoked that agreement or the
Company is deemed to have so agreed by a provision of the Acts provided that, where the
document or information is sent or supplied:

(a) by electronic means, it must be sent or supplied to an address specified for the
purpose by the Company (generally or specifically) or deemed by a provision of the
Acts to have been specified; or

(b) by hand or by post, it must be sent or supplied to an address to which it could be
validly sent if it were in hard copy form (and, if by post it must be in a prepaid
envelope containing the document or information).

Communications by members to the Company by other means

A document or information that is sent or supplied by a member to the Company otherwise
than in hard copy form or electronic form is validly sent or supplied if done so in a form or
manner that has been agreed by the Company.

COMMUNICATION BY THE COMPANY TO MEMBERS
Communications by the Company to members in hard copy form

A document or information is validly sent or supplied by the Company to a member in hard
copy form if it is:

(a) handed to the member; or

BM 80801118.1 Confidential 74
154.2

154.3

(b) sent or supplied by hand or by post (in a prepaid envelope containing the document
or information):

(0) to an address specified for the purpose by the member;
(ii) to his address as shown in the Register; or
(ili) to an address to which any provision of the Acts authorises the document

or information to be sent or supplied,

provided that where the Company is unable to obtain an address falling within sub-
paragraph (b), the document or information may, subject to any contrary provision in
these Articles, be sent or supplied to the member's last address known to the
Company.

Communications by the Company to members in electronic form

Adocument or information is validly sent or supplied by the Company to a member in electronic
form if such member has agreed (generally or specifically) that the document or information
may be sent or supplied in that form and has not revoked that agreement (or, being a company,
is deemed to have so agreed by a provision in the Acts), provided that where such document
or information is sent or supplied:

(a) by hand or by post (in which case it must be in a prepaid envelope containing the
document or information), it must be:

(i) handed to the member; or

(ii) sent or supplied to an address to which it could be validly sent if it were in
hard copy form; or

(b) by electronic means, it must be sent or supplied to an address specified for the
purpose by the member (generally or specifically) (or, being a company, is deemed
to have been so specified by a provision of the Acts).

Communications by the Company to members by means of a website

A document or information is validly sent or supplied by the Company to a member if it is made
available on a website, provided that the member has been asked individually by the Company
to agree that the Company may send or supply documents or information generally, or the
documents or information in question, to him by means of a website and the Company has not
received a response within the period of 28 days beginning with the date in which the
Company's request was sent out (provided that such request by the Company stated clearly
what the effect of failure to respond would be and was not sent out less than 12 months after
any previous request by the Company to such member in respect of the same or a similar
class of documents or information), and provided always that such document or information is
made available in a form and by a means that the Company reasonably considers will enable
the recipient to read it (as construed in accordance with paragraph 12 of part 4 of Schedule 5
to the CA2006) and retain a copy of it.

BM 80801118.1 Confidential 75
154.4

154.5

154.6

154.7

154.8

Notification of availability on website

Where (to the extent permitted by these Articles, the Acts or otherwise) the Company sends
or supplies a document or information to a member by making it available on a website, it must
notify the intended recipient of:

(i) the presence of the document or information on the website;
(ii) the address of the website;

(iii) the place on the website where it may be accessed; and

(iv) how to access the document or information,

and must make the document or information available on the website throughout the period
specified by any applicable provision of the Acts, or, if no such provision is specified, the period
of 28 days beginning with the date on which the notification is sent to the person in question.
This Article 154.4 must be read in conjunction with Article 47.6 (Publication of notice of meeting
on website) with regard to notices of general meetings. Any failure to make a document or
information available on a website throughout the period referred to in this Article shall be
disregarded if it is made available on the website for part of that period and the failure to make
it available throughout that period is wholly attributable to circumstances that it would not be
reasonable to have expected the Company to prevent or avoid.

Communications by the Company by other means

Adocument or information sent or supplied by the Company otherwise than in hard copy form,
electronic form or by means of a website is validly sent or supplied if done so in a form or
manner that has been agreed by the intended recipient.

Right to hard copy version

Where a member of the Company (or a holder of the Company's debentures) has received a
document or information from the Company, otherwise than in hard copy form, he shall be
entitled to require the Company to send him a version of the document or information in hard
copy form free of charge within 21 days of receipt of the request from the member or debenture
holder.

Joint holders

In the case of joint holders of a share, documents or information shall be sent or supplied to
the joint holder whose name stands first in the Register in respect of the joint holding
Documents or information so sent or supplied shall be sufficient service of such document or
information on all the joint holders.

Members outside the UK

Where a member (or in the case of joint holders the person first named in the Register) has a
registered address outside the United Kingdom but has notified the Company of an address
within the United Kingdom at which documents or information may be sent or supplied to him
or of an electronic address to which documents or information may be sent or supplied using

BM 80801118.1 Confidential 76
154.9

154.10

155

electronic means, he shall, subject to the provisions of these Articles and the Acts, be entitled
to have documents or information sent or supplied to him at that address, but otherwise no
such member shall be entitled to receive any document or information from the Company.

Undelivered documents or information

(a) If, on at least 2 consecutive occasions, the Company has attempted to send any
document or information by electronic means to an electronic address specified (or
deemed specified) for the purpose and a delivery failure (or other similar)
notification has been received by the Company, the Company thereafter shall, send
documents or information in hard copy form or electronic form (but not by electronic
means) to such member at his registered address or address for service within the
United Kingdom (whether by hand, by post or by leaving it or them at such
address), in which case the provisions of paragraph (b) shall apply;

(b) If on 3 consecutive occasions documents or information have been sent or supplied
to any member at his registered address or address for the service of such
documents or information in the United Kingdom (whether by hand, by post or
leaving it or them at such address) but have been returned undelivered, such
member shall not thereafter be entitled to receive any documents or information
from the Company until he shall have communicated with the Company and
supplied in writing a new registered address or address within the United Kingdom
for the service of documents or information or an electronic address to which
documents or information may be sent or supplied using electronic means.

Record date

Any document or information to be sent or supplied to a member may be sent or supplied by
reference to the Register as it stands at any time within the period of 15 days before the
document or information is sent or supplied (subject to the Uncertificated Regulations if the
Company is then a participating issuer for the purposes of the Uncertificated Regulations) and
no change in the Register after that time shall invalidate the sending or supplying of the
document or information.

DEATH, BANKRUPTCY OR MENTAL DISORDER

The Company may, on receipt of such evidence as the Board may reasonably require to show
title to that share, send or supply any document or information to the person entitled to a share
in consequence of the death, bankruptcy or mental disorder of a member or otherwise by
operation of law, by sending or supplying it in any manner authorised by these Articles for the
sending or supplying of any document or information to a member, addressed to that person
by name, or by the title of representative(s) of the deceased or trustee of the bankrupt or
representative(s) by operation of law or by any like description at the address (if any) within
the United Kingdom or, if relevant, any electronic address supplied for the purpose by the
person claiming to be so entitled. Until such an address has been so supplied a document or
information may be sent or supplied in any manner in which it might have been sent or supplied
if the death, bankruptcy, mental disorder operation of law or other event had not occurred.
Such service of a document or information shall for all purposes be deemed a sufficient service
of such document or information on all persons interested in the share. Any reference to the
bankruptcy of a person in this Article shall be construed in accordance with the provisions of
paragraph 17 of Part 6 of Schedule 5 to the CA2006.

BM 80801118.1 Confidential 77
156 EVIDENCE OF SERVICE

156.1 ‘Present at meeting

Any member present, in person or by proxy at any meeting of the Company or of the holders
of any class of shares of the Company, shall be deemed to have received due notice of such
meeting and, where requisite, of the purposes for which such meeting was called.

156.2 Deemed delivery of documents and information

(a)

(b)

(c)

(a)

BM 80801118.1

Any document or information, addressed to a member (or other person to whom
such document or information is required or authorised to be sent pursuant to these
Articles, the Companies Acts or otherwise) at his registered address or other
address for service in the United Kingdom (or electronic address specified, as the
case may be) shall:

(i) if hand delivered or left at a registered address or other address for service
in the United Kingdom, be deemed to have been served or delivered on
the day on which it was so delivered or left;

(ii) if sent or supplied by post (whether in hard copy form or in electronic form),
be deemed to have been received at the expiration of 24 hours after the
envelope was posted;

(iii) if sent or supplied by electronic means (other than by means of website),
be deemed to have been received (if sent or supplied between the hours
of 9 am and 5 pm on a working day) at the time it was sent, or (if sent or
supplied at any other time) at 9 am on the next following working day; and

(iv) if sent or supplied by means of a website, be deemed to have been
received when the material was first made available on the website or, if
later, when the recipient received (or is deemed to have received) notice of
the fact that the material was available on the website.

In calculating a period of hours for the purpose of this Article 156.2, account shall
be taken of any part of a day that is not a working day;

In proving such service or delivery it shall be sufficient to prove that:

(i) the envelope containing the document or information was properly
addressed and put into the post as a prepaid letter; or

(ii) in the case of a document or information sent or supplied by electronic
means, to prove that it was properly addressed and dispatched, provided
that if the Company is aware that there has been delivery failure after least
two attempts it shall, within 48 hours of its first attempt to send the
document or information by electronic means, send the document or
information to such member at his registered address or address for
service within the United Kingdom (by hand, by post or by leaving it or them
at such address).

The deemed delivery provisions set out in paragraph (b) shall apply regardless of

any such documents or information being returned undelivered and regardless of
any delivery failure notification or “out of office" or other similar response and any

Confidential 78
157

158

159

160

such “out of office" or other similar response shall not be considered to be a
delivery failure for the purposes of these Articles.

(e) The Company shall not be held responsible for any failure in transmission beyond
its reasonable control.

NOTICE BINDING ON TRANSFEREES,

Every person who, by operation of law, transfers or by any other means becomes entitled to a
share shall be bound by any document or information in respect of that share (other than a
notice given by the Company under Section 793, CA2006) which, before his name is entered
in the Register, has been duly sent or supplied to a person from whom he derives his title.

NOTICE BY ADVERTISEMENT

Subject to the provisions of the Acts, any document or information tote sent or supplied by the
Company to the members or any of them and not otherwise provided for by these Articles shall
be sufficiently sent or supplied if given by advertisement in at least one leading daily national
newspaper published in the United Kingdom and, where the Company keeps an overseas
branch register, in at least one leading daily newspaper published in the territory in which such
register is maintained. Any document or information given by advertisement shall be deemed
to have been served at noon on the day on which the advertisement first appears.

SUSPENSION OF POSTAL SERVICES

(a) If at any time by reason of the threat of or of the suspension, interruption or
curtailment of postal services within the United Kingdom, the Company is or would
be unable effectively to convene a general meeting by notices sent through the
post, a general meeting may be convened by:

(i) a notice advertised on its website and in at least one leading daily national
newspaper; and

(ii) giving notice by electronic means to those members to whom, in
accordance with the Acts, the Company is able to give notice by electronic
means;

(iii) Such notice shall be deemed to have been duly served on all members
entitled thereto at noon on the day on which the first of such advertisements
appears;

(iv) In any such case, the Company shall send confirmatory copies of the notice
(or, as the case may be, the notification of the website notice) by post to
those members to whom notice (or notification) cannot be given by
electronic means, if at least 7 days prior to the meeting the posting of
notices to addresses throughout the United Kingdom again becomes
practicable.

SAVINGS

Nothing in Articles 152 to 159 (Communications) shall affect any requirements of the Acts that
any particular document or information be sent or supplied in any particular manner.

BM 80801118.1 Confidential 79
BB

161

161.1

161.2

161.3

162

WINDING UP
DIVISION OF ASSETS
Power to present a petition

The Board shall have power in the name and on behalf of the Company to present a petition
to the court for the Company to be wound up.

Distribution of assets

If the Company is wound up, the surplus assets remaining after payment of all creditors are to
be divided among the members in proportion to the capital which at the commencement of the
winding up is paid up on the shares held by them respectively and, if such surplus assets are
insufficient to repay the whole of the paid up capital, they are to be distributed so that as nearly
as may be the losses are borne by the members in proportion to the capital paid up at the
commencement of the winding up on the shares held by them respectively. This Article 161.2
is subject to the rights attached to any shares which may be issued on special terms or
conditions.

Distribution in specie

If the Company is wound up the liquidator may, with the sanction of a special resolution of the
Company and any other sanction required by law, divide among the members in specie the
whole or any part of the assets of the Company and may for that purpose value any assets
and determine how the division shall be carried out as between the members or different
classes of members. Any such division may be otherwise than in accordance with the existing
rights of the members but if any division is resolved otherwise than in accordance with such
rights the members shall have the same right of dissent and consequential rights as if such
resolution were a special resolution passed pursuant to Section 111, Insolvency Act 1986. The
liquidator may, with the like sanction, vest the whole or any part of the whole of the assets in
trustees on such trusts for the benefit of the members as he, with the like sanction, shall
determine but no member shall be compelled to accept any assets on which there is a liability.

TRANSFER OR SALE UNDER SECTION 110, INSOLVENCY ACT 1986

A special resolution sanctioning a transfer or sale to another company duly passed pursuant
to Section 110, Insolvency Act 1986 may in the like manner authorise the distribution of any
shares or other consideration receivable by the liquidator among the members otherwise than
in accordance with their existing rights and any such determination shall be binding on all the
members, subject to the right of dissent and consequential rights conferred by Section 111,
Insolvency Act 1986.

INDEMNITY, FUNDS AND INSURANCE

163

RIGHT TO INDEMNITY

Subject to, and to the fullest extent permitted by, the provisions of the Acts (but without
prejudice to any indemnity to which he may be otherwise entitled), every Director and every
director of any associated company, former Director, alternate Director, Secretary or other

BM 80801118.1 Confidential 80
164

officer of the Company (other than an Auditor) shall be fully indemnified out of the assets of
the Company against all or any part of any costs, charges, losses, damages and liabilities (all
or any of them being a "liability") incurred by him in relation to anything done, omitted or alleged
to have been done by him in the actual or purported execution or discharge of his duties or
exercise of his powers in relation to the Company or in connection with the Company's
activities as trustee of any occupational pension scheme (as defined in Section 235(6),
CA2006), provided that no Director nor any director of any associated company (which shall,
for the purpose of this Article 162, bear the meaning set out in Section 256, CA2006) shall be
indemnified against any liability incurred by him to the Company or any associated company
in connection with any negligence, default, breach of duty or breach of trust in relation to the
Company or any associated company of which he is a director or against any liability:

(a) of his to pay any fine imposed in criminal proceedings or a sum payable to a
regulatory authority by way of a penalty in respect of non-compliance with any
requirement of a regulatory nature (however arising); or

(b) incurred by him in defending criminal proceedings in which he is convicted, in
defending civil proceedings brought by the Company (or any associated company)
in which judgment is given against him or in connection with an application for relief
under the provisions referred to in Section 234(6), CA2006 in which the court
refuses to grant him relief (and for these purposes, a reference to a conviction,
judgment or refusal of relief shall bear the meaning set out in Sections 234(4) and
234(5), CA2006); or

(c) incurred by him in connection with the Company's or any associated company's
activities as trustee of an occupational pension scheme and which is a liability;

(d) to pay a fine imposed in criminal proceedings or a sum payable to a regulatory
authority by way of a penalty in respect of non-compliance with any requirement of
a regulatory nature (however arising); or

(e) incurred in defending criminal proceedings in which he is convicted (within the
meaning of Section 235(5), CA2006).

PROVISION OF FUNDS

The Company shall (in each case, subject to and to the fullest extent permitted by the
provisions of the Acts) provide every Director and every director of the Company's holding
company, former Director, alternate Director, Secretary or other officer of the Company (other
than an Auditor) or, in the case of Article 164(d) only, a person connected with any such
director with funds to meet any expenditure incurred or to be incurred by him:

(a) for the purposes of the Company or for the purpose of enabling him properly to
perform his duties as an officer of the Company;

(b) in defending any criminal or civil proceedings in connection with any alleged
negligence, default, breach of duty or breach of trust by him in relation to the
Company or any associated company;

(c) in connection with an application for relief under the provisions referred to in
Section 205(5), CA2006; and/or

BM 80801118.1 Confidential 81
(d) in defending himself in an investigation by a regulatory authority or against any
action proposed to be taken by a regulatory authority in connection with any
alleged negligence, default, breach of duty or breach of trust by him in relation to
the Company or any associated company,

or do anything to enable such person to avoid incurring such expenditure.
165 POWER TO INSURE

Subject to the provisions of the Acts, the Board may purchase and maintain insurance at the
expense of the Company for the benefit of any person (other than an Auditor) who is or was at
any time a Director or other officer or employee of the Company or of any other company which
is a subsidiary, subsidiary undertaking or holding company of the Company or in which the
Company has an interest whether direct or indirect or which otherwise is in any way allied to
or associated with the Company or of any subsidiary undertaking or holding company of the
Company or of any such company or who is or was at any time a trustee of any pension fund
or employee benefits trust in which any employee of the Company or of any such other
company or subsidiary undertaking is or has been interested in relation to any liability which
may attach to him or loss or expenditure which he may incur in relation to anything done or
alleged to have been done or omitted to be done as a Director, officer, employee or trustee.

BM 80801118.1 Confidential 82
