The head of the UK’s biggest bitcoin-buying business is eyeing up struggling rivals and aspiring to enter the FTSE 100 despite a recent share price slide.
The Smarter Web Company has largely pivoted from website design to buying bitcoin this year and is valued at £400mn — more than online retailer Asos or fitness operator The Gym Group.
However, its shares have fallen by 73 per cent from their mid-June peak as investors grow increasingly concerned about a saturated market with hundreds of companies around the world racing to buy cryptocurrencies.
“We probably got overvalued and now we’re almost certainly undervalued,” Andrew Webley, the Smarter Web founder, told the Financial Times. “The thing that investors do need to understand is that things can go down as well [as up].”
Webley established the Bristol-based company, which has just nine staff, in 2009. It is the biggest London-listed so-called crypto treasury company, riding the wave of corporates loading up on cryptocurrencies that has swept financial markets this summer.
Hundreds of businesses around the world are rushing to buy tokens in a bid to boost their valuations, inspired by US billionaire Michael Saylor whose company Strategy has rocketed to a market capitalisation of more than $90bn since first acquiring bitcoin in 2020.
“The only thing that worries me slightly about it is I feel for some of our shareholders,” Webley said. “I know the company’s way stronger than it was a month ago, we’ve got more bitcoin, a more developed team — but as a human being I wish that the share price didn’t have a correction.”
Line chart of The Smarter Web Company's share price, pence showing A wild ride for the UK's biggest bitcoin buyer
“The story is starting to become less attractive to mainstream investors,” said Eric Benoist, tech and data research specialist at Natixis CIB, about the proliferation of crypto treasury companies. “There’s still no clear end game to this strategy. We still don’t know what’s going to happen when they decide they’ve accumulated enough bitcoin.”
The price of bitcoin peaked last month at more than $124,000 but has since fallen by about $10,000.
Webley said he was committed and his company holds 2,470 bitcoin worth more than £200mn. “It’s inevitable that we’ll change the name at some point, I need to do it properly,” he said. Rivals such as French firm Capital B and South Africa’s Africa Bitcoin Corp have recently changed their names to highlight their focus on crypto.

Amid tumbling valuations, some crypto treasury companies are trading more cheaply than the value of the bitcoin they hold. Webley, the former head of online at financial services group Hargreaves Lansdown, said he would “certainly consider” snapping up other companies for their bitcoin at a discount.
“There’s one that’s very attractive, there’s one that I’ve got my sights on at the moment,” he added, declining to name the target.
Smarter Web listed on the small-cap Aquis exchange in April and its shares have gained about 150 per cent this year, outperforming all but one company in the FTSE 350. It briefly crossed a £1bn valuation this summer.
Interest in the company comes as UK investors are shut out from holding crypto exchange traded funds — regulated vehicles run by the likes of BlackRock and Fidelity — that track the price of the world’s biggest cryptocurrency. British regulators have sought to shield investors from the volatility of digital assets, leaving crypto treasury companies to act as a proxy.

Webley wants to tap traditional institutional investors, who have largely sat on the sidelines of the crypto treasury craze, fearful of the volatility. “In two to three years we want to be in the FTSE 100 and I think that’s achievable, get to a five, six, seven billion [pound] market cap and we’re in there,” he said.
Last week the company appointed Albert Soleiman, who was finance chief at trading group CMC Markets until July, as chief financial officer.
Tyler Evans, board member of Smarter Web, said its growth would be “driven by being an evangelist for bitcoin in the same way that Michael Saylor is in the US”.
“There is a slightly religious approach,” said Natixis’s Benoist, adding that “it’s based on the principle that bitcoin is going to rise forever”.
“I’ve signed up for this for the rest of my life,” Webley said. “With the caveat that, of course, I might be wrong, I’ve got absolutely no doubt whatsoever.”
In the meantime, Smarter Web still offers web design and online marketing services — and accepts bitcoin as payment.
