21 August 2025

The Smarter Web Company PLC
(“The Smarter Web Company” or "Company")

Head Of Bitcoin Strategy Appointment

The Smarter Web Company (AQUIS: SWC | OTCQB: TSWCF | FRA: 3M8), a London listed
technology company, is pleased to announce the appointment of Jesse Myers in a full-time
role as Head of Bitcoin Strategy.

Jesse was appointed, announced 18 June 2025, in a part-time capacity as Bitcoin Strategy
Consultant.

Since then, Jesse has become a key part of the team, adding value in a variety of ways to The
Smarter Web Company and its Bitcoin treasury strategy. The Smarter Web Company is
pleased to welcome Jesse in a full-time capacity to continue in his role as a vital part of our
Bitcoin treasury strategy, with an exclusive focus on The Smarter Web Company going
forward.

Jesse is a Bitcoin analyst and author, known for "Once-in-a-Species" and "Bitcoin's Full
Potential Valuation," which Michael Saylor adopted as the basis for his valuation model.
Previously, Jesse co-founded Onramp Bitcoin (a Bitcoin custody firm), ran Protocol Capital (a
Bitcoin hedge fund), was a management consultant at Bain & Company, and received his MBA
from Stanford.

Andrew Webley, CEO of The Smarter Web Company said: "Jesse has become an instrumental
part of the team. He is one of the most respected voices in Bitcoin and Bitcoin treasury
company analysis. His commitment to Bitcoin and our mission at The Smarter Web Company
has proved exceptionally valuable to me and the Company over the last several months. But
above all, his skill set, character, and focused determination to see The Smarter Web Company
become one of the largest companies in the UK, have made him a pleasure to work with and
a winning addition to the team.”

Jesse Myers, Head of Bitcoin Strategy said “It is a true honour to work alongside Andrew to
advance The Smarter Web Company’s mission of becoming one of the largest companies in
the UK. I firmly believe that there will be a dominant Bitcoin treasury company in each capital
market in the world. I believe that The Smarter Web Company has exactly what it takes to
continue on its path to be the UK’s standout leader. I believe we are on the path to repeat
what Metaplanet has achieved in Japan, and Strategy has achieved in the US. I’m not aware
of a more compelling outlook for any company in the world, and I’m thrilled to be a part of
this journey.”