28 April 2025

The Smarter Web Company PLC
(“The Smarter Web Company” or "The Company")

The 10 Year Plan

The Smarter Web Company (AQUIS: SWC), a London listed technology company, is pleased to
announce “The 10 Year Plan”.

Highlights

• A transparent plan allowing shareholders to monitor Company progress
• Consisting of shorter-term organic growth opportunities
• Alongside medium and longer-term acquisition possibilities
• With a Digital Assets Treasury Policy, including Bitcoin, to support exciting longer-term
business value

The Company today sets out a clear roadmap to enable shareholders to clearly understand
the Company strategy and transparently monitor progress as this strategy is executed.

The Smarter Web Company offers web design, web development and online marketing
services and is focused on growth to create shareholder value. This value will be achieved
through both organic growth and an acquisition strategy. The Smarter Web Company will only
make acquisitions where the Directors believe the timing and opportunity is appropriate. The
Company is also pioneering the adoption of a Digital Assets Treasury Policy, including Bitcoin,
into its strategy.

Shorter-Term Organic Growth

The Smarter Web Company has over 250 active client websites and has been profitable for
the last 15 years. The immediate focus is to increase the number of clients and services used
per client. This will be achieved through additional marketing combined with the greater
visibility the Company now has through its stock market listing.

The Company will report progress of the organic strategy with financial updates twice yearly
or as appropriate.

Medium and Longer-Term Acquisition Possibilities

In addition to organic growth the Company is looking to grow through strategic acquisitions.
There is both a medium and longer-term strategy for such acquisitions.
Due to the commercial sensitivity of the acquisition strategy the Company is restricted on the
precise details that can be shared with its shareholders.

The Company will report on the acquisition strategy as appropriate.

A Digital Assets, Including Bitcoin, Treasury Policy

The Smarter Web Company has recently listed on the Aquis Stock Exchange with funds raised
during 2025 exceeding £2m (before expenses). As the Company progresses “The 10 Year Plan”
it is pioneering the adoption of a Digital Assets Treasury Policy. This policy aligns with the
Directors' views that Digital Assets, including Bitcoin, provide a means to preserve value over
time and serve as a hedge against inflation. Over a longer-time period, with ambitious growth
plans, this is particularly important.

The Company believes that a significant war chest for acquisitions would present a brilliant
opportunity for the UK to have a large, listed technology company ranking amongst the
largest listed companies in the UK.

As such the Company is focused on growing its treasury over the shorter-term whilst it
delivers its organic growth strategy and then this will allow the medium to longer-term
strategy of making strategic acquisitions when the timing and opportunity is appropriate. The
Company will allocate its capital strategically, maintaining a treasury consisting of both
traditional cash reserves and Digital Assets, including Bitcoin. The Company will only raise
additional capital where market conditions are right complementing the ethos of constantly
aiming to deliver shareholder value.

The Company will announce relevant material changes to its treasury holdings within the
Digital Assets Treasury Policy in a timely manner.

Andrew Webley, CEO of The Smarter Web Company said “We have a clear plan to deliver
significant value for our shareholders and today document this so that our shareholders can
share the exciting journey.

We are focused on accelerating short-term growth by scaling our proven core services, while
also exploring strategic acquisitions that could unlock compelling value.

By taking a pioneering approach to treasury management using Digital Assets, including
Bitcoin, we believe we offer investors an excellent opportunity.”