NOT FOR RELEASE, PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, IN WHOLE
OR IN PART, OR INTO OR WITHIN THE UNITED STATES, AUSTRALIA, NEW ZEALAND,
CANADA, SOUTH AFRICA OR JAPAN, OR ANY MEMBER STATE OF THE EEA, OR ANY OTHER
JURISDICTION WHERE, OR TO ANY OTHER PERSON TO WHOM, TO DO SO MIGHT
CONSTITUTE A VIOLATION OR BREACH OF ANY APPLICABLE LAW OR REGULATION. PLEASE
SEE THE IMPORTANT NOTICE AT THE END OF THIS ANNOUNCEMENT.

THIS ANNOUNCEMENT AMOUNTS TO A FINANCIAL PROMOTION FOR THE PURPOSES OF
SECTION 21 OF THE FINANCIAL SERVICES AND MARKETS ACT 2000 (“FSMA”) AND HAS BEEN
APPROVED BY TENNYSON SECURITIES WHICH IS AUTHORISED AND REGULATED BY THE
FINANCIAL CONDUCT AUTHORITY (FRN 538762).

14 April 2025

Uranium Energy Exploration PLC
(to be renamed The Smarter Web Company PLC)
("The Company")

Retail Investor IPO

Uranium Energy Exploration PLC is pleased to announce a retail investor IPO (the “Retail
Offer”) via the Winterflood Retail Access Platform (“WRAP”).

Background and Business Transformation

The Company is currently an unlisted PLC with approximately £900,000 in cash and a highly
experienced management team. As part of its strategy to transition into a successful and
growing operating business, the Company has, conditional upon admission, agreed to acquire
the entire issued share capital of The Smarter Web Company Limited, a private, revenue-
generating web design and digital services agency.

Following Admission to the Access Segment of the Aquis Stock Exchange Growth Market
(“Admission”), which is expected to become effective on or around 25 April 2025, conditional
upon admission, the Company will be renamed The Smarter Web Company PLC. Following
the acquisition, The Smarter Web Company Limited will become a wholly owned subsidiary.

The New Business Focus

The Smarter Web Company, founded in 2009 by Andrew Webley, helps businesses of all sizes
enhance their online presence and return on digital investment. Its core services include web
design, development and digital marketing.

Before founding The Smarter Web Company, Andrew Webley was the Head of Online at
Hargreaves Lansdown, one of the UK's most successful financial services companies.
Following Admission, the Company’s focus will shift entirely to this operating business, with
a clear strategy for revenue growth through:

• Organic growth opportunities around existing, established services
• An acquisition strategy intended to accelerate scale
• As the Company explores opportunities through organic growth and corporate
acquisitions it is pioneering the adoption of a Digital Asset Treasury Policy including
Bitcoin into its strategy

Fundraising and Retail Offer

The Retail Offer is being made alongside an institutional placing and subscription (together,
the “Fundraising”) for up to 80,000,000 new ordinary shares of £0.001 each at £0.025 per
share, raising gross proceeds of up to £2,000,000 (the “Issue”).

Andrew Webley, founder of The Smarter Web Company, has committed to invest a minimum
of £30,000 in the Issue through his ISA.

The Company has previously raised £1,075,500 via 0% convertible loan notes, which will
convert on Admission at a 20% discount to the issue price.

The Issue is conditional on the issued and to be issued share capital of the Company being
admitted to trading on the Access Segment of the Aquis Stock Exchange Growth Market.
Application has been made to the Aquis Stock Exchange for Admission, expected to be
effective on or around 25 April 2025.

Retail Offer Deadline

The Retail Offer will close at 5:00 p.m. on 17 April 2025. Eligible investors are encouraged to
participate early, as financial intermediaries may impose earlier deadlines.

The Smarter Web Company – Key Highlights

• Established and scalable digital services business
• Organic growth opportunities around existing, established services
• An acquisition strategy intended to accelerate scale
• Pioneer in integrating a Digital Asset Treasury Policy, including Bitcoin

The WRAP Retail Offer
Eligible retail investors can contact their broker or wealth manager to participate in the Retail
Offer. Investors should telephone their broker or wealth manager and ask to apply.
Applications can also be made using cash held within ISAs and SIPPs.

The Retail Offer is expected to close at 5:00 p.m. on 17 April 2025. Eligible retail investors
should note that financial intermediaries may have earlier closing times. The result of the
Retail Offer is expected to be announced by the Company alongside the result of the
Fundraising on or around 25 April 2025.

Retail brokers wishing to participate in the Retail Offer on behalf of eligible retail investors,
should contact WRAP@winterflood.com.

To be eligible to participate in the Retail Offer, applicants must be a customer of a
participating intermediary including individuals aged 18 years or over, companies and other
bodies corporate, partnerships, trusts, associations and other unincorporated organisations.

There is a minimum subscription of £500 per investor under the Retail Offer. The terms and
conditions on which investors subscribe will be provided by the relevant financial
intermediaries including relevant commission or fee charges.

The Company reserves the right to amend the size of the retail offer at its discretion. The
Company reserves the right to scale back any order and to reject any application for
subscription under the WRAP Retail Offer without giving any reason for such rejection.

It is vital to note that once an application for Retail Offer Shares has been made and accepted
via an intermediary, it cannot be withdrawn.

The Retail Offer Shares will, when issued, be credited as fully paid, and have the right to
receive all dividends and other distributions declared, made or paid after their date of issue.

It is a term of the Retail Offer that the total value of the Retail Offer Shares available for
subscription at the Issue Price does not exceed EUR 8 million (or the equivalent amount in
GBP, calculated in accordance with the Prospectus Rules Regulations Sourcebook of the
Financial Conduct Authority (the “FCA”).

Investors should make their own investigations into the merits of an investment in the
Company. Nothing in this announcement amounts to a recommendation to invest in the
Company or amounts to investment, taxation or legal advice.

It should be noted that a subscription for Ordinary Shares and investment in the Company
carries a number of risks, including the risk that investors may lose their entire investment.
Investors should take independent advice from a person experienced in advising on
investment in securities such as the Ordinary Shares if they are in any doubt.
An investment in the Company will place capital at risk. The value of investments, and any
income, can go down as well as up, so investors could get back less than the amount
invested.

Neither past performance nor any forecasts should be considered a reliable indicator of
future results.

The Retail Offer is offered in the United Kingdom under the exemption from the requirement
to publish a prospectus in sections 86(1)(e) and 86(4) of FSMA. As such, there is no need for
publication of a prospectus pursuant to the United Kingdom version of Regulation (EU)
2017/1129 as it forms part of United Kingdom law by virtue of the European Union
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended), or for approval of the same by the FCA. The Retail Offer
is not being made into any jurisdiction other than the United Kingdom.

The Company will publish an admission document in compliance with the requirements of
the Aquis Stock Exchange Access Rulebook and is issued in connection with the proposed
admission of Uranium Energy Exploration PLC to the Access Segment of the Aquis Stock
Exchange Growth Market (“Admission Document”). The Admission Document does not
constitute a prospectus. The Admission Document is not an approved prospectus for the
purposes of, and as defined in, section 85 of FSMA, has not been prepared in accordance with
the Prospectus Rules and its contents have not been approved by the FCA or any other
authority which could be a competent authority for the purposes of the Prospectus
Regulation. Further, the contents of the Admission Document have been approved by an
authorised person for the purposes of section 21 of FSMA. The Admission Document will not
be filed with or approved by the FCA or any other government or regulatory authority in the
UK.