19 June 2025

The Smarter Web Company PLC
(“The Smarter Web Company” or "Company")

Subscription Agreement For A Maximum Of 21 Million New Shares

The Smarter Web Company (AQUIS: SWC | OTCQB: TSWCF), a London listed technology
company, announces the signing of a Subscription Agreement for 21 million new Ordinary
Shares.

The Smarter Web Company Strategy

The Smarter Web Company, founded in 2009 by Andrew Webley, helps businesses of all sizes
enhance their online presence and return on digital investment. Its core services include web
design, development and digital marketing.

The Company has a clear strategy for growth focusing on:

• Organic growth opportunities around existing, established services
• An acquisition strategy intended to accelerate scale
• As the Company explores opportunities through organic growth and corporate
acquisitions it is pioneering the adoption of a supporting Bitcoin Treasury Policy

Subscription Agreement

The Subscription Agreement was signed on 18 June 2025 by The Smarter Web Company PLC
and Shard Merchant Capital Ltd (“Shard”). Tennyson Securities, the Company’s lead broker
(part of the Shard Group) has arranged this facility. Shard is a client of Shard Capital Partners
LLP.

Under the Subscription Agreement, the Company is today making available an initial tranche
of 7 million new Ordinary Shares at par value. This leaves 14 million new Ordinary Shares not
yet released under the Subscription Agreement. The Subscription Agreement allows the
Company to benefit by receiving approximately 97% of the net proceeds achieved by Shard.

The Subscription Agreement allows Shard to use reasonable endeavours to place up to 21
million new Ordinary Shares with the following agreed high level terms:

• Not below the closing bid price from the previous trading day on the Aquis Stock
Exchange
• Not a volume that exceeds 20% of the current trading day
• Shard shall use reasonable endeavours to place a first tranche of 7 million new
Ordinary Shares within 1 month from signing of the Subscription Agreement and, for
each tranche of new Ordinary Shares thereafter, within 3 months from subscribing for
them

Andrew Webley, CEO of The Smarter Web Company said “We have spent the last few weeks
working with our advisors to implement this as we believe that our shareholders want us to
generate capital and move the business forward.

I am looking forward to working with our advisors on evaluating the effectiveness and perhaps
we can then inspire other UK companies to adapt a similar mechanism, as we have seen with
our pioneering approach to treasury management using Bitcoin.”