18 June 2025

The Smarter Web Company PLC
(“The Smarter Web Company” or "Company")

Appointment of Bitcoin Strategy Consultant

The Smarter Web Company (AQUIS: SWC | OTCQB: TSWCF), a London listed technology
company, is pleased to announce that Jesse Myers has been appointed to the Company as
Bitcoin Strategy Consultant.

Jesse will join the Company immediately and work alongside Andrew Webley, CEO, on a
variety of different areas with a focus on the Bitcoin strategy and investor communications.
Jesse will be paid an annual salary of £12,000 and has personally invested approximately
£970,000 within the fundraising announced on 16 June 2025.

Jesse Myers is an experienced Bitcoin industry operator with a strong business background.
Jesse has been full-time in the Bitcoin space since 2017.

In this time, Jesse founded and ran a successful Bitcoin hedge fund for HNWIs before co-
founding Onramp Bitcoin, the pioneer of Multi-Institution Custody (a commercial application
of Bitcoin's native multisig capabilities). As a Bitcoin analyst and author, Jesse has become a
trusted voice in the Bitcoin ecosystem, with ~100k Twitter followers and ~10k newsletter
subscribers. Michael Saylor adopted Jesse's valuation framework for modelling the future
trajectory of Bitcoin's price relative to other asset classes, which constitutes a key pillar of the
Bitcoin treasury strategy for Strategy (NASDAQ: MSTR) and its peers.

Prior to Bitcoin, Jesse was a management consultant at Bain & Company. Jesse has a
Bachelor's degree in Neuroscience from the University of Southern California, a Master's in
Accounting from UT-Austin, and an MBA from Stanford.

Andrew Webley, CEO of The Smarter Web Company said: “I have got to know Jesse over the
last few months after being introduced to him by our Non-Executive Director, Tyler Evans.

Jesse shares my belief in Bitcoin and the benefits that it can bring to a public company along
with many of my personal values which I apply to business. I am honoured that he wants to
join our company and to work alongside me, aiming to make The Smarter Web Company one
of the largest UK public companies.

I am excited about working with him and pleased that through his recent personal investment
in the business he has aligned himself with our shareholders.”
Jesse Myers, Bitcoin Strategy Consultant said “I am excited to join The Smarter Web Company.
I believe that SWC has an exciting future with its core business alongside the leading Bitcoin
Treasury strategy in the UK.

I look forward to working with Andrew to grow the business and share the vision for The
Smarter Web Company to become one of the largest public companies in the UK.”