24 December 2025

The Smarter Web Company PLC
(“The Smarter Web Company” or the "Company")

New Subscription Agreement Signed

The Smarter Web Company (AQUIS: SWC | OTCQB: TSWCF | FRA: 3M8), a London-listed
technology company and the UK’s largest publicly traded company holding Bitcoin on its
balance sheet, announces that a New Subscription Agreement has been signed for a further
50 million new Ordinary Shares (“New Subscription Agreement”).

New Subscription Agreement

The New Subscription Agreement was signed on 23 December 2025 by The Smarter Web
Company PLC and Shard Merchant Capital Limited and replaces the subscription agreement
announced on 04 September 2025 (“The Subscription Agreement”). The Subscription
Agreement allows Shard Merchant Capital Limited to sell new Ordinary Shares via its broker.
Tennyson Securities, the Company's lead broker has arranged this facility. Shard Merchant
Capital Limited is a client of Shard Capital Partners LLP.

The New Subscription Agreement will also cover the 13,240,500 Ordinary Shares previously
issued to Shard Merchant Capital Limited and not yet sold (as announced on 01 December
2025), together with the 50,000,000 additional new Ordinary Shares to be issued under
today's New Subscription Agreement. Accordingly, the New Subscription Agreement will
commence with an available allocation of, in aggregate, 63,240,500 Ordinary Shares.

It is expected that admission of the new Ordinary Shares to trading on the AQSE Growth
Market will become effective at 08:00 a.m. on or around 02 January 2026 (“Admission”). The
New Subscription Agreement is conditional upon, among other things, Admission becoming
effective.

The new Ordinary Shares issued pursuant to the New Subscription Agreement, when issued,
will be fully paid and will rank pari passu in all respects with each other and with the existing
Ordinary Shares of the Company, including, without limitation, the right to receive all
dividends and other distributions declared, made or paid after the date of issue.

Key Terms of the New Subscription Agreement

The New Subscription Agreement allows Shard Merchant Capital Limited to use reasonable
endeavours to sell Ordinary Shares on behalf of the Company, subject to the following agreed
high-level terms:
• Volume limitation: the number of Ordinary Shares sold in any week will be limited to
up to 25% of the trading volume in the Company’s Ordinary Shares during that same
week, calculated on a cumulative basis as trading occurs.

• Pricing: Ordinary Shares shall not be sold at a price below the closing price of the
Company’s Ordinary Shares on the previous trading day.

• Company discretion: the Company may instruct Shard Merchant Capital Limited to
suspend or recommence the sale of Ordinary Shares at any time.

• Shareholder transparency: the Company will announce shares sold weekly, unless no
shares have been sold in the preceding week.

• Additional share transactions: the New Subscription Agreement permits Shard
Merchant Capital Limited, where appropriate, and with the agreement of the
Company, to facilitate larger investor share purchases at market prices through the
New Subscription Agreement above the volume limitation detailed above

• Commission paid: The Company will receive 98.25% of the sale proceeds, implying an
effective 1.75% commission paid to Shard Merchant Capital Limited on all shares sold.

Andrew Webley, CEO of The Smarter Web Company, said:
“As part of our ongoing efforts to enhance our capital markets activity, we have entered into
a New Subscription Agreement to provide the Company with additional flexibility as we plan
for the next phase of growth. The updated structure allows us to respond more effectively to
market conditions and investor demand, while continuing to raise capital in an orderly and
transparent manner.”

Total Voting Rights

Following Admission, the total number of Ordinary Shares in issue in The Smarter Web
Company will be 350,237,093 ordinary shares of £0.001 each. This figure may be used by
shareholders as the denominator for the calculations by which they will determine if they are
required to notify their interest in, or a change to their interest in, the Company under the
FCA's Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules.

Directors Share Holdings

On Admission, the Directors’ shareholdings will be diluted as follows:

Name Number of % Before % After
Ordinary
Shares
Andrew Webley & Family (including those held by Joanna Webley) 27,418,732 9.13% 7.83%
Tyler Evans 960,000 0.32% 0.27%
Sean Wade & Family (including those held as Keysford Ltd) 767,346 0.26% 0.22%