TR-1: Standard form for notification of major holdings

NOTIFICATION OF MAJOR HOLDINGS (to be sent to the relevant issuer and to the FCA in Microsoft
Word format if possible) i

1a. Identity of the issuer or the underlying issuer
of existing shares to which voting rights are at-
GB00BPJHZ015
tached ii:
1b. Please indicate if the issuer is a non-UK issuer (please mark with an “X” if appropriate)
Non-UK issuer

2. Reason for the notification (please mark the appropriate box or boxes with an “X”)

An acquisition or disposal of voting rights

An acquisition or disposal of financial instruments

An event changing the breakdown of voting rights

Other (please specify) iii: Issuer increasing its ordinary share capital/total voting rights X

3. Details of person subject to the notification obligation iv
Name Long Run Capital II, LP
City and country of registered office (if applicable) San Francisco, USA

4. Full name of shareholder(s) (if different from 3.) v

Name

City and country of registered office (if applicable)

5. Date on which the threshold was crossed or
29/May/2025
reached vi:

6. Date on which issuer notified (DD/MM/YYYY): 2/July/2025

7. Total positions of person(s) subject to the notification obligation
% of voting rights Total number of
% of voting rights at-
through financial instru- Total of both in % voting rights held
tached to shares (to-
ments (8.A + 8.B) in issuer (8.A +
tal of 8. A)
(total of 8.B 1 + 8.B 2) 8.B) vii
Resulting situation
on the date on which
threshold was
2.84% - 2.84% 5,338,308
crossed or reached
Position of previous
notification (if 3.63% - 3.63%
applicable)

8. Notified details of the resulting situation on the date on which the threshold was crossed or
reached viii
A: Voting rights attached to shares
Class/type of Number of voting rights ix % of voting rights
shares
ISIN code (if possible) Direct Indirect Direct Indirect
(DTR5.1) (DTR5.2.1) (DTR5.1) (DTR5.2.1)
Ordinary shares
GB00BPJHZ015 5,338,308 2.84%

SUBTOTAL 8. A 5,338,308 2.84%

B 1: Financial Instruments according to DTR5.3.1R (1) (a)
Number of voting rights
Type of financial in- Expiration Exercise/ that may be acquired if
% of voting rights
strument date x Conversion Period xi the instrument is
exercised/converted.

SUBTOTAL 8. B 1

B 2: Financial Instruments with similar economic effect according to DTR5.3.1R (1) (b)
Exercise/ Physical or
Type of financial Expiration Number of
Conversion Pe- cash % of voting rights
instrument date x voting rights
riod xi Settlement xii

SUBTOTAL
8.B.2
9. Information in relation to the person subject to the notification obligation
(please mark the
applicable box with an “X”)
Person subject to the notification obligation is not controlled by any natural person or legal entity and does not
control any other undertaking(s) holding directly or indirectly an interest in the (underlying) issuer xiii

Full chain of controlled undertakings through which the voting rights and/or the
financial instruments are effectively held starting with the ultimate controlling natural person or legal entity
(please add additional rows as necessary) xiv
Name of controlled % of voting
undertaking rights
% of voting through finan- Total of both if
rights if it equals cial instru- it equals or is
Name xv or is higher than ments if it higher than the
the notifiable equals or is notifiable
threshold higher than threshold
the notifiable
threshold
Long Run Capital Long Run Capital II,
2.84%
Management LLC L.P.

10. In case of proxy voting, please identify:
Name of the proxy holder

The number and % of voting rights held

The date until which the voting rights will be
held

11. Additional information xvi
Place of completion Carmel-by-the-sea, CA, USA

Date of completion 2, July 2025