23 March 2026
The Smarter Web Company PLC
(“The Smarter Web Company” or the "Company")
Head Of Capital Markets Appointment, Purchase and Cancellation of Deferred Shares and
Total Voting Rights
The Smarter Web Company (LSE: SWC | OTCQB: TSWCF | FRA: 3M8) is pleased to announce
the appointment of Jamie Knowles as Head of Capital Markets, with immediate effect.
Jamie has nearly two decades of experience in financial markets, primarily in equity sales
trading at global investment banks including Bank of America, Credit Suisse and J.P. Morgan,
where he worked with a large number of different institutional investors. He also previously
held a senior distribution role at Galaxy Digital, a Nasdaq-listed digital asset firm and most
recently served as Chief Commercial Officer at DS3 Crypto, a specialist digital asset
consultancy. He brings extensive experience and relationships spanning traditional financial
markets and digital assets, which will support the Company’s continued development.
In this role, Jamie will lead the Company’s capital markets strategy, with responsibility for
developing strategic relationships, enhancing communication strategies with the investment
community and supporting the continued growth of the Company’s shareholder base. He will
work closely with the Board and senior management to advance the Company’s objectives,
including increasing Bitcoin per share and delivering long-term shareholder value.
Jamie has previously supported the Company in a consulting capacity, contributing to several
key initiatives. As the Company continues to scale both its acquisition strategy and its Bitcoin
treasury strategy, capital markets expertise is an increasingly important component of the
business, and Jamie’s appointment reflects the Board’s focus on executing these strategies in
a disciplined and scalable manner.
Andrew Webley, CEO, The Smarter Web Company, commented:
“Jamie is a welcome addition to our team, and we are pleased to welcome him in a full-time
capacity. His institutional experience and strong market relationships will enhance our
engagement with institutional investors and support disciplined execution as we continue to
evolve as a public company built on digital capital.”
Jamie Knowles, Head of Capital Markets, The Smarter Web Company, commented:
“I am pleased to be joining The Smarter Web Company in a full-time capacity. Having worked
with the team, as a consultant, over recent months, I have developed a strong appreciation
for the clarity of its strategy, the scale of its ambition and the opportunity within the UK capital
markets landscape. I look forward to working with the team and all the different stakeholders,
ensuring disciplined capital markets execution, as we continue to advance our 10 Year Plan.”

Deferred Shares

At the Company’s annual general meeting held on 19 March 2026 (“AGM”), shareholders
approved special resolutions 16 and 17 relating to the authorisation of an off-market buyback
of the Company’s deferred shares of £0.049 each in the capital of the company (the “Deferred
Shares”). The Company is pleased to confirm that it has now completed the purchase of the
entire class of Deferred Shares for £0.01 (the “Buyback”), in accordance with the terms of the
off-market buyback agreement that was tabled at the AGM. Following completion of the
Buyback, the Deferred Shares were immediately cancelled.
The Company financed the Buyback through the issue of 1 new ordinary share of £0.001 each
in the capital of the company (the “New Ordinary Share”) at a price of 32 pence, being the
volume-weighted average price over the 10 trading days prior to the AGM. It is expected that
admission of the New Ordinary Share to trading on the Main Market of the London Stock
Exchange will become effective at 8:00 a.m. on or around 26 March 2026 (“Admission”).
Total Voting Rights
Following Admission, the total number of ordinary shares in issue in the Company will be
351,919,127 of £0.001 each. This figure may be used by shareholders as the denominator for
the calculations by which they will determine if they are required to notify their interest in,
or a change to their interest in, the Company under the FCA's Disclosure Guidance and
Transparency Rules. The Company does not hold any ordinary shares in treasury.