08 January 2026

The Smarter Web Company PLC
(“The Smarter Web Company” or the “Company”)

Appointment of Non-Executive Director

The Smarter Web Company (AQUIS: SWC | OTCQB: TSWCF | FRA: 3M8) is pleased to
announce the appointment of Martin Thomas to the Board as an Independent Non-Executive
Director, with immediate effect.

Martin is currently the Non-Executive Vice Chairman of Diversified Energy Company PLC
(“DEC”), which completed its transition from a FTSE 250 company to a primary listing on the
New York Stock Exchange in late November 2025, following a reorganisation into a Delaware
incorporated US company, while maintaining a secondary listing on the Main Market of the
London Stock Exchange under the ticker “DEC”. Martin has served on the DEC board of
directors since January 2015 and is currently a member of its Audit & Risk Committee and its
Nomination & Governance Committee, having previously also served on its Remuneration
Committee.

Since January 2022, Martin has also been a consultant at the law firm Wedlake Bell LLP, where
he was previously a Partner from January 2018 to December 2021.

During his more than 35-year legal career, Martin has specialised in advising on IPO’s and
secondary offerings of equity and debt on the London capital markets, corporate governance
requirements for UK listed companies, corporate finance and M&A work. He has advised
clients operating in a variety of sectors including oil and gas, renewable energy, natural
resources and mining, financial services and early-stage technology. Martin has also held
senior management positions in the law firms where he was a partner, including seven years
as the European Managing Partner of a global law firm headquartered in the United States.
Martin earned a Bachelor of Laws from the University of Reading and completed his Law
Society Final Examinations at The College of Law in the UK.

Andrew Webley, CEO of The Smarter Web Company, commented: “We are delighted to
welcome Martin to the Board as a Non-Executive Director. He brings a strong legal
background alongside valuable experience of different public markets at different stages of
growth. His breadth of knowledge and perspective will be highly complementary to the
existing Board, and we believe his insight and experience will be critical to our journey as we
continue to execute our strategy.”

Martin Thomas commented: “I am excited to join the Board of The Smarter Web Company
PLC at such a pivotal time. Andrew’s vision for building a forward-thinking, UK-led technology
business resonates. I am looking forward to working with Andrew and the other board
members and to playing an active role in strengthening and further developing the Company’s
existing corporate governance framework as it continues its growth and evolution.”

Regulatory Disclosures

Current Directorships/Partnerships Past Directorships/Partnerships
Diversified Energy Company PLC Diversified Energy Company Limited
Jasper Consultants Limited Wedlake Bell LLP
Diversified Gas & Oil Ltd
Blue Ocean Consolidated Holding Limited
Pristec AG

Save as set out in this announcement, there are no further details to be disclosed under Rule
4.9 of the Aquis Access Rules for Companies in respect of Martin Thomas.