16 June 2026
The Smarter Web Company PLC
(“The Smarter Web Company” or the "Company")
Chief Financial Officer Appointment
The Smarter Web Company (LSE: SWC | OTCQB: TSWCF | FRA: 3M8) is pleased to announce
the promotion of Oliver Hewett to the role of Chief Financial Officer (“CFO”), with immediate
effect. Oliver has served as Group Financial Controller since his appointment on 27 April 2026
and this promotion reflects the Board’s recognition of his contribution and capability.
Oliver will serve as a member of the Company’s senior leadership team and will not be
appointed to the Board of Directors at this time. He will continue to report directly to Andrew
Webley, Chief Executive Officer.
In his role as CFO, Oliver will assume expanded responsibility for:
–
–
–
–
–
–

overseeing all aspects of the Group’s financial strategy, planning and reporting;
ensuring compliance with applicable financial regulatory requirements across all
jurisdictions in which the Group operates;
progressing the Company's corporate governance framework in line with applicable
standards and evolving best practices;
managing the Company's relationships and contracts with third-party service
providers;
supporting the Board and Chief Executive Officer in the assessment and execution of
strategic and corporate finance initiatives; and
leading and developing the Group’s finance function.

He will continue to work closely alongside Mario Visconti, Head of Projects, as the Company
continues to progress its acquisition strategy.
Oliver brings almost two decades of financial experience spanning institutional investment
banking and SME leadership. A Fellow of the Institute of Chartered Accountants in England
and Wales, Oliver began his banking career in commodities finance at Barclays Capital and
Bank of America Merrill Lynch before moving to NatWest Markets, where he supported the
financial execution of RBS's £29bn Capital Resolution programme.
Most recently, Oliver has served as CFO and Board Director at two growing UK SMEs, where
he led several acquisitions and supported revenue growth and operational scale-up.
Andrew Webley, CEO, The Smarter Web Company, commented:
"We are delighted with Oliver’s contribution to the team to date. His combination of
institutional finance experience, a hands-on CFO track record and personal Bitcoin conviction
makes him the ideal person to lead the Finance function as we continue to execute on our 10Year Plan.”

Oliver Hewett, CFO, The Smarter Web Company, commented:
"I am delighted to be appointed CFO of The Smarter Web Company. Since joining as Group
Financial Controller, I have developed a strong appreciation for the strength of the team and
the ambition of the 10-year plan. I look forward to working with Andrew and the Board to help
build The Smarter Web Company into a leading UK-listed company and to supporting the
continued execution of our strategy.”