02 April 2026
The Smarter Web Company PLC
(“The Smarter Web Company” or the "Company")
Quarterly Investor Update
The Smarter Web Company (LSE: SWC | OTCQB: TSWCF | FRA: 3M8) provides an investor
update for the first three months of 2026. This marks the first of the Company’s planned
regular quarterly investor updates, which the Company intends to publish following the end
of each calendar quarter. These updates will provide shareholders with key business
highlights and notable developments during the relevant period.
Key Highlights:
•

•

•

Treasury Highlights:
o Purchased 31 additional Bitcoin bringing total holdings to 2,695 Bitcoin.
o The 28th largest publicly traded company globally holding Bitcoin on their balance
sheet.
o Quarterly BTC yield of -0.18%.
o Signed a $30m credit facility with Coinbase.
o Completed a voluntary warrant purchase programme, reducing total warrants
outstanding by 3,000,000.
o Announced the Company’s inaugural Bitcoin Treasuries Unconference UK.
o At the quarter end the Company’s mNAV was approximately 0.75 on a fully diluted
basis, reflecting a discount to the Net Asset Value against Market Capitalisation.
Operating Business Highlights:
o Completed the acquisition of Squarebird Agency Ltd for £1.69 million, in a part
equity, part cash and part deferred cash transaction, strengthening the Group’s
operating platform and revenue base.
o The Group operating business now consists of two distinct divisions: The Smarter
Web Company Operations Ltd and Squarebird Agency Ltd.
o Substantial growth in operating business revenue with costs in line with
expectations. Combined operating businesses generated revenue of £439,203 and
net profit before tax of £152,326 during the quarter (unaudited).
Group Highlights:
o Uplisted to the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange.
o Achieved inclusion in the FTSE UK Index Series (FTSE All Share and FTSE Small Cap).
o Released inaugural Full Year Results and Annual Report.
o Strengthened the Board and management team with the appointment of Martin
Thomas as Non-Executive Director, Jamie Knowles as Head of Capital Markets,
with the founders of Squarebird Agency Ltd Jon Bird and Nick Bird, remaining in
leadership roles within the acquired business.

Bitcoin Treasury Update:
During the quarter, Bitcoin experienced price volatility and finished the period approximately
25% lower, largely reflecting geopolitical developments and broader macroeconomic
conditions, including interest rate expectations and liquidity conditions. Equity performance
across the Bitcoin treasury sector was similarly influenced by broader market sentiment and
capital flows rather than company-specific developments.
Against this backdrop, the Company continued to execute its Bitcoin treasury strategy.
•
•
•

The Company added 31 Bitcoin to its treasury, bringing total holdings to 2,695 Bitcoin,
with a market value of approximately £140 million at the end of the period.
Bitcoin yield for the quarter was -0.18%.
Bitcoin yield for the quarter takes into account one-off costs associated with uplisting to
the London Stock Exchange Main Market, the acquisition of Squarebird Agency Ltd and
the results of the voluntary warrant purchase programme.

Capital Markets Activity:
Commencing on 19 June 2025, the Company pioneered the use of an ATM-Style facility
amongst Bitcoin treasury companies in the UK, allowing capital to be raised through selling
shares in the market. The Company has generated significant capital through this facility but
only uses the facility when it believes that it is in the best interest of shareholders with specific
guidelines around price and volume. During the quarter, approximately £3.1 million (before
expenses) was raised through the facility.
In March, the Company launched a voluntary purchase offer for holders of certain warrants
granted in April 2025 (“Pre-IPO Warrants”) at 20.6p per warrant (approximately 0.6 mNAV),
which resulted in 3,000,000 warrants being cancelled, reducing the total number of Pre-IPO
Warrants outstanding to 93,066,335. This equates to a reduction in the fully diluted number
of shares of 0.75%. The potential impact of outstanding Pre-IPO Warrants on the market is
recognised, and a range of options continue to be considered to manage this in an orderly
and value-accretive manner.
Operating Business Update:
In February, the Company completed the acquisition of Squarebird Agency Ltd, a profitable
web design and digital marketing agency based in Bristol, for total consideration of £1.69
million in a part equity, part cash and part deferred cash transaction. The acquisition formed
part of the previously announced 10-year Plan, which includes selectively using equity to
strengthen the Company's operating business and financial sustainability.
The transaction was completed at an attractive valuation, with an implied multiple of
approximately 3x EBITDA, which was within the stated target acquisition range of 3x to 4x.
The consideration structure, which included both equity and deferred payments funded from
operating profits, aligns the interests of the Squarebird Agency Ltd founders with
shareholders.
The Groups operating business now consists of two distinct divisions with The Smarter Web
Company Operations Limited and Squarebird Agency Ltd.

For the quarter, the Group’s operating businesses generated combined unaudited revenue of
£439,203 and net profit before tax of £152,326. The Smarter Web Company Operations
Limited generated unaudited revenue of £88,041 and net profit before tax of £51,111, while
Squarebird Agency Ltd generated unaudited revenue of £351,162 and net profit before tax of
£101,215.
The performance of the operating business during the quarter was supported by the
acquisition of Squarebird Agency Ltd, with strong recurring revenues, ongoing project delivery
and new client work across a range of sectors. The operating businesses continues to scale
and provide an important contribution towards the Company’s overall cost base.
The Company intends to scale its operating business in a disciplined and responsible manner,
while continuing to evaluate potential acquisitions. The Board will pursue transactions
selectively, focusing only on opportunities that align with the Company’s strategy and offer
the right opportunity, valuation and structure. This measured approach focuses on growth
without compromising long-term shareholder value and is supported by the strength of the
Company’s Bitcoin-backed balance sheet.
Building a profitable and expanding operating business remains a key strategic priority. It
provides a sustainable source of revenue to support ongoing costs, reduces reliance on
external capital and enhances resilience across market cycles.
Shareholder Register and Liquidity:
During the quarter, the uplisting to the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange was
completed and the shares were subsequently included in the FTSE UK Index Series (FTSE All
Share and FTSE Small Cap).
The Board believes that a Main Market listing and index inclusion are strategically important,
as they improve visibility, credibility and accessibility to a broader pool of capital, particularly
institutional and passive investors. More broadly, these developments increase the number
of institutions and funds that can invest in the shares and support the continued development
of the shareholder register over time.
Liquidity remains a key focus, as a healthy secondary market is important for attracting new
capital and supporting the long-term growth of the Bitcoin treasury strategy. Since listing,
approximately £1.1 billion notional of shares have traded, providing a solid foundation for
future capital markets activity.
Financial Reporting and Results:
During the quarter, the Company released its inaugural Full Year Results and Annual Report
as a public company. This represented an important milestone in the Company’s development
and reflects the continued strengthening of our reporting and governance standard as a
London Stock Exchange Main Market listed company. Establishing a consistent financial
reporting track record remains an important part of building long-term credibility with
institutional investors and access to the reports can be found on our website.
The Company expects to release its interim results on or around 18 June 2026.

Industry Presence and Market Position:
At the time of writing, The Company was ranked 28th globally on BitcoinTreasuries.net and
continues to strengthen its position as the leader in the UK. The Group currently holds
approximately 2.2x the total Bitcoin holdings of all other known UK public companies
combined (13 companies holding approximately 1,246 Bitcoin in aggregate). The Company
believes that scale, a London Stock Exchange listing, FTSE index inclusion and a strong liquidity
profile provide a meaningful competitive advantage.
During the quarter, members of the team participated in a range of industry events, media
engagements and public discussions across multiple platforms. Notable highlights included
speaking at Strategy World, Cheat Code and announcing the Company-hosted inaugural
Bitcoin Treasuries Unconference UK, which has the potential to become an important
industry event over time.
Building on this position, the Company's remains focused on establishing a thought leadership
position through dedicated research, industry engagement and differentiated content. This
approach is supported by one of the largest retail shareholder communities globally among
Bitcoin treasury companies, and the Company would like to thank shareholders for their
continued support and engagement.
Board and Management Changes:
During the quarter, the Company made several key personnel changes.
Albert Soleiman stepped down as Chief Financial Officer, with Mario Visconti, the Company’s
Financial Controller and Head of Projects, assuming the role of Interim Chief Financial Officer.
Mario brings extensive knowledge of the Company’s operations and financial structure.
The Company also appointed Jamie Knowles as Head of Capital Markets, where he will lead
the Company’s investor relations and capital markets strategy, and appointed Martin Thomas
to the Board as a Non-Executive Director, bringing legal and public markets experience to the
Board.
With the acquisition of Squarebird Agency Ltd Jon Bird and Nick Bird, the founders of
Squarebird Agency Ltd, joined the Company and they are supported by a talented team.
Andrew Webley, CEO, The Smarter Web Company, commented:
“The first quarter of the year was an important period for The Smarter Web Company, during
which we made significant progress across several strategic areas despite a challenging
market backdrop.
I would like to thank the community of investors who support us, and I believe The Smarter
Web Company occupies a unique position in the market as the leading UK-listed Bitcoin
treasury company, operating within one of the world’s greatest capital markets and at an
early stage in the understanding and adoption of Bitcoin treasury companies globally.
Our whole team remains focused on disciplined execution while continuing to strengthen the
operating business and capital markets platform with the objective of increasing long-term
Bitcoin per share. Looking ahead, the Company has various strategic initiatives planned for Q2

which I believe will support the next phase of the Company’s growth and long-term value
creation as part of our 10-year plan.”