THIS ANNOUNCEMENT ("ANNOUNCEMENT") AND THE INFORMATION CONTAINED HEREIN
IS RESTRICTED AND IS NOT FOR PUBLICATION, RELEASE OR DISTRIBUTION, DIRECTLY OR
INDIRECTLY, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, IN OR INTO THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, ITS
STATES, TERRITORIES AND POSSESSIONS, ANY STATE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
AND THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA ("UNITED STATES" OR "U.S."), AUSTRALIA, CANADA,
JAPAN, THE REPUBLIC OF SOUTH AFRICA (EACH, A "RESTRICTED JURISDICTION") OR ANY
OTHER JURISDICTION IN WHICH SUCH PUBLICATION, RELEASE OR DISTRIBUTION WOULD
BE PROHIBITED BY ANY APPLICABLE LAW OR REGULATION.
THIS ANNOUNCEMENT CONTAINS INSIDE INFORMATION FOR THE PURPOSES OF ARTICLE 7
OF REGULATION 2014/596/EU, WHICH IS PART OF THE DOMESTIC LAW OF THE UNITED
KINGDOM OF GREAT BRITAIN AND NORTHERN IRELAND ("UK" OR "UNITED KINGDOM")
PURSUANT TO THE MARKET ABUSE (AMENDMENT) (EU EXIT) REGULATIONS (SI 2019/310)
("UK MAR"). UPON THE PUBLICATION OF THIS ANNOUNCEMENT, THIS INSIDE
INFORMATION (AS DEFINED IN UK MAR) IS NOW CONSIDERED TO BE IN THE PUBLIC
DOMAIN.
This Announcement is an advertisement for the purposes of paragraph 12.1.4
"Advertisements and other disclosure of information" of the Prospectus Rules: Admission to
Trading on a Regulated Market sourcebook of the Financial Conduct Authority (the "FCA")
and is not a prospectus nor an offer of securities for sale or subscription, nor a solicitation of
an offer to acquire or subscribe for securities, in any jurisdiction, including in or into any
Restricted Jurisdiction.
The contents of this Announcement shall not form the basis of, or be relied upon in
connection with, any offer or commitment whatsoever in any jurisdiction. Once issued by The
Smarter Web Company PLC ("The Smarter Web Company" or the "Company"), investors
should not subscribe for or purchase any preferred shares of nominal value £0.001 each in
the capital of the Company ("Preferred Shares") except solely on the basis of the information
contained in the prospectus ("Prospectus") in its final form (together with any supplementary
prospectus, if relevant), including the risk factors set out therein, approved by the FCA and
published by the Company in connection with the initial public offering ("IPO") of Preferred
Shares and the admission of such Preferred Shares to listing on the non-equity shares and
non-voting equity shares category of the Official List maintained by the FCA ("Official List")
and to trading on the main market for listed securities ("Main Market") of London Stock
Exchange plc ("London Stock Exchange") (together, "Admission").
A copy of the Prospectus, which has today been approved by the FCA, will shortly be available
for inspection on the Company's website at https://www.smarterwebcompany.co.uk, subject
to certain access restrictions, and will shortly be uploaded to the National Storage Mechanism
maintained by the FCA ("NSM") and made available for inspection at:
https://data.fca.org.uk/#/nsm/nationalstoragemechanism. Approval of the Prospectus by
the FCA should not be understood as an endorsement of the Preferred Shares. Potential
investors are recommended to read the Prospectus before making an investment decision in
order to fully understand the potential risks and rewards associated with a decision to invest
in the Preferred Shares.
29 September 2026

The Smarter Web Company PLC
Confirmation of Intention to Float and Launch of IPO of "MORE" Preferred Shares on the
Main Market of the London Stock Exchange and Publication of Prospectus
The Smarter Web Company today announces that, further to its announcement on 11
September 2026, the Prospectus has been approved by the FCA and will be published by the
Company shortly.
The Company also announces the launch of an IPO of a new class of Preferred Shares (with
the reserved ticker: "MORE") to raise gross proceeds of between £15 million and £25 million.
IPO highlights
Pursuant to the IPO, the Company intends to issue up to 277,777 Preferred Shares at an offer
price of £90 per Preferred Share (the "Offer Price"), targeting gross proceeds of between £15
million and £25 million, providing net proceeds of between £13.1 million and £22.7 million.
If issued, the Preferred Shares will have attached to them, among other things, a right for the
holder to receive a cumulative variable rate weekly preferential dividend. The initial dividend
rate will be 12% per annum of £100 per Preferred Share, and the rate is variable from time to
time by the board of directors of the Company (the "Board"; "Directors"), subject to certain
parameters.
The IPO is being made by way of:
•

an institutional offer, which is structured as an offer of Preferred Shares to institutional
investors in the United Kingdom (the "Institutional Offer"); and

•

a retail offer, which is structured as an offer of Preferred Shares to retail investors who
are resident and physically present in the United Kingdom through Winterﬂood Retail
Access Platform’s ("WRAP") partner network of retail brokers, wealth managers and
investment platforms ("Intermediaries") (the "Retail Offer").

The Institutional Offer is to be launched immediately following the release of this
Announcement.
The Retail Offer will be launched shortly and is expected to close at 4.30 p.m. on 9 October
2026 or such other time or date as is communicated by the Company. A separate
announcement will be made by the Company shortly providing further details of the Retail
Offer.
The Company has engaged:
•

Strand Hanson Limited ("Strand Hanson") as financial adviser in connection with the IPO
and Admission; and

•

Tennyson Securities Limited, corporate partner of Shard Capital Partners LLP ("Tennyson
Securities") as broker in connection with the Institutional Offer and retail offer
coordinator in connection with the Retail Offer.

The Company also intends to put in place, from Admission, an At The Market facility (the
"Preferred Shares ATM Facility"), pursuant to which Tennyson Capital Partners LLP

("Tennyson Capital") would use reasonable endeavours to sell Preferred Shares on the
market via its broker. The Preferred Shares ATM Facility is intended to provide the Company
with the flexibility to raise additional capital over time through the issuance of Preferred
Shares, subject to market conditions. This proposed Preferred Shares ATM Facility is intended
to be in addition to the At The Market facility already in place in respect of the Ordinary
Shares. At Admission, the Company will issue 100,000 Preferred Shares into the Preferred
Shares ATM Facility to be held by or on behalf of Tennyson Capital.
Reasons for the IPO
The Company intends to utilise the net proceeds from the issuance of Preferred Shares as a
long-term source of capital.
The Directors believe that the IPO will broaden the Company's access to institutional and
retail capital, provide a flexible, long-term source of funding alongside the Preferred Shares
ATM Facility, strengthen the Company’s balance sheet and financial flexibility, supporting
further acquisitions of revenue-generating operational businesses and general working
capital requirements, and fulfil the Company’s broader strategy of creating value alongside
its Bitcoin treasury.
Dividend obligations
If issued, the Preferred Shares will have attached to them a right for the holder to receive a
cumulative variable rate weekly preferential dividend, a liquidation preference, and a right
for the Company to redeem the Preferred Shares, but no right to vote at a general meeting
of shareholders of the Company. The initial dividend rate will be 12% per annum of £100, and
the dividend rate will be variable by the Board from time to time, subject to certain
parameters.
The Directors believe that the Company will have multiple potential sources from which the
dividend obligations of any Preferred Shares, if issued, may be satisfied. These include:
•
•
•
•

recurring operating cash flows;
substantial cash reserves;
its Bitcoin treasury; and
ongoing access to public capital markets, including by using the net proceeds of
issuances of new ordinary shares of £0.001 each in the capital of the Company (the
"Ordinary Shares") or Preferred Shares.

Completion of the IPO
Completion of the IPO is subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions which are customary
in an offer of this type, including Admission becoming effective not later than 8.00 a.m. on 14
October 2026 (or such later date as may be agreed between the Company and Tennyson
Securities) and the placing & retail offer coordinator agreement entered into on today's date
between the Company and Tennyson Securities not having been terminated prior to
Admission.
The IPO is also conditional on:
•
•

gross proceeds of at least £10 million being raised under the IPO;
as at Admission, at least three firms being registered with the London Stock Exchange as
market makers in the Preferred Shares; and

•

as at Admission, the Preferred Shares held in public hands (within the meaning of UKLR
16.2.1R(3)) representing at least 50% of the Preferred Shares issued pursuant to the IPO
(excluding, for this purpose, any Preferred Shares held by or on behalf of Tennyson Capital
under the Preferred Shares ATM Facility) and the amount of Preferred Shares in public
hands representing at least 10% of the total free float pursuant to UKLR 16.2.1R.

If any of these conditions are not satisfied, the IPO will not proceed and Admission will not
occur.
Use of IPO net proceeds and additional capital
The Company is targeting between £15 million and £25 million in gross proceeds from the
IPO. The Company is targeting between £13.1 million and £22.7 million in net proceeds from
the IPO (the "Net Proceeds"), after deduction of commissions, fees and expenses payable by
the Company in connection with Admission and the IPO. The Company intends to use Net
Proceeds and its existing cash resources for the following items:
Use of IPO net proceeds and existing cash
resources

£ (million)

%

Working capital and general corporate
purposes (including for maintenance of cash
reserves for the payment of dividends)

£7.63 to £14.16

58.13% to 62.49%

Acquisition of additional Bitcoin for the
Group's treasury reserve

£5.00 to £8.00

38.07% to 35.30%

The Company's operational business growth
strategy

£0.50 to £0.50

3.81% to 2.21%

£13.13 to £22.66

100%

Total

The IPO is conditional on gross proceeds of at least £10 million being raised under the IPO. If
the gross proceeds of the IPO are less than £15 million, the Company intends to apply the
available Net Proceeds to the uses described above in the order of priority shown, with the
amount allocated to each use adjusted as the Directors consider appropriate.
The Company intends to use the proceeds from any sale of the Preferred Shares to be issued
to Tennyson Capital under the Preferred Shares ATM Facility on Admission by Tennyson
Capital to investors for working capital and general corporate purposes (including for
maintenance of cash reserves for the payment of dividends), the acquisition of Bitcoin and to
support the operational business growth strategy.
Further details of the IPO
In the Institutional Offer, Tennyson Securities will solicit indications of interest from
prospective institutional investors to subscribe for Preferred Shares. Prospective institutional
investors will be required to specify the number of Preferred Shares which they would be
prepared to subscribe for at the Offer Price. Prospective institutional investors will be
required to submit indications of interest for Preferred Shares in the Institutional Offer by
4.30 p.m. on 9 October 2026, or such other time or date as may be communicated by the

Company and Tennyson Securities. There is no minimum or maximum number of Preferred
Shares which can be applied for in the Institutional Offer.
In the Retail Offer, applications to acquire Preferred Shares are expected to be sought by the
Intermediaries from their selected retail investor clients. An application will then be made by
the Intermediaries on behalf of their clients through Marex Financial (owners and operators
of WRAP), and this demand will be taken into account by the Company and Tennyson
Securities alongside indications of interest in the Institutional Offer in conducting the
bookbuilding in respect of the IPO.
The maximum amount to be raised by the Company under the IPO will be gross proceeds of
£25 million.
Allocations of Preferred Shares under the IPO (including as between, and within, the
Institutional Offer and the Retail Offer) and the number of Preferred Shares to be issued under
the IPO will be determined by the Company. A number of factors will be considered in
determining the basis of allocations, the number of Preferred Shares to be issued, including
the level and nature of demand for Preferred Shares in the Institutional Offer and the Retail
Offer, respectively, and the objective of establishing an orderly and liquid after market in the
Preferred Shares.
If the IPO is oversubscribed, the Company reserves the right to scale back applications, in
whole or in part. Whilst it is the intention to treat all investors equitably in the allocation
process, the Company reserves the right to determine allocations in its absolute discretion,
considering factors including the quality and size of demand and the composition of the
Shareholder register.
There will be no claw-back mechanism between the Retail Offer and Institutional Offer
tranches. Accordingly, the allocation between the tranches will not be adjusted automatically
in response to differing levels of demand.
Successful applicants will be notified of their allocations in accordance with the procedures
of the relevant placing or retail offer platform, as applicable.
Admission is expected to take place at 8.00 a.m. on 14 October 2026 under the ticker: "MORE"
(ISIN: GB00C0HJ0D12). There will be no conditional dealing prior to this date.
Information on the Company
The Company owns and operates digital services businesses focused on web design,
development and digital marketing. The Company serves more than 500 client websites
across a diverse range of sectors and generates a significant and growing proportion of its
revenue through long-term client relationships and retained service arrangements.
The Company's strategy combines the operation and acquisition of cash-generative webservices businesses with a Bitcoin treasury policy designed to build long-term Shareholder
value (the "Bitcoin Treasury Policy"). The Directors believe that Bitcoin will form a significant
part of the future global financial system and have therefore adopted this Bitcoin Treasury
Policy under which Bitcoin is the Company's primary treasury reserve asset.
The primary objectives of the Bitcoin Treasury Policy are to support the Company's overall
capital position and to seek to increase Bitcoin per share over time, with a secondary objective
of increasing the total number of Bitcoin held on the Company's balance sheet. The Directors
believe that growing Bitcoin per share while simultaneously increasing the scale of the

Company's Bitcoin holdings creates a stronger balance sheet and supports the Company as a
whole in providing a more attractive investment proposition for existing and prospective
Shareholders.
As the strength of the balance sheet increases, the Company believes it can access larger
pools of capital on favourable terms, provided such capital raising activity remains accretive
to Bitcoin per Ordinary Share. This creates a cycle in which capital can be deployed to pursue
strategic acquisitions and acquire additional Bitcoin that strengthen the Company's operating
businesses, increase revenues and cash generation, and further enhance the overall strength
of the Company.
The Ordinary Shares are admitted to listing on the equity shares (commercial companies)
category of the Official List and to trading on the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange
under the ticker SWC and are quoted on the OTCQB Venture Market in the U.S. under the
ticker TSWCF. The Ordinary Shares can also be traded on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange under
the ticker 3M8.
Please also see "The 10 Year Plan", announced by the Company via regulatory information
service at 7.00 a.m. on 28 April 2025 and available on the Company's website:
https://www.smarterwebcompany.co.uk.
Andrew Webley, CEO, The Smarter Web Company, commented:
“We are pleased to confirm our intention to float and announce the IPO of the “MORE”
Preferred Shares today. The creation of Preferred Shares will represent an important
development in the Company’s capital strategy and another step in the execution of our 10Year Plan, and we believe the proposed Preferred Shares will be the first of their kind in the
UK: a pounds sterling-denominated, London Stock Exchange Main Market-listed perpetual
preferred share issued by a UK-incorporated commercial company with a Bitcoin treasury
strategy.
“As we pursue our long-term ambitions, we want to have access to different forms of capital
and the flexibility to use them when we believe the conditions are right. MORE is intended to
broaden the capital available to the Company, alongside our existing funding options, while
offering investors the potential for regular income through a variable-rate weekly dividend.
“Our focus remains on building a resilient and adaptable business for the long term, with our
operating businesses and Bitcoin treasury strategy working together to create value for
shareholders.”