23 July 2026

The Smarter Web Company PLC
(“The Smarter Web Company” or the "Company")
Repayment of Smarter Convert Instrument
The Smarter Web Company (LSE: SWC | OTCQB: TSWCF | FRA: 3M8) announces that the
Company's Smarter Convert instrument, held by entities related to the TOBAM Group
(“TOBAM”) and detailed in the Company’s announcement on 6 August 2025, has been repaid,
approximately two weeks ahead of its maturity, at the request of the Company and with full
support from TOBAM.
The Company has repaid $11,698,540 to TOBAM. The repayment has been funded through
the disposal of 177.8909127 Bitcoin at an average price of $65,762, being the total number
of Bitcoin acquired from the subscription proceeds. Whilst the original agreement stated at
least 98% of the funds must be deployed into Bitcoin, the Company elected to deploy 100%
of the funds into Bitcoin and is accordingly obliged to repay 100% of the acquired Bitcoin.
As a result of the repayment, the potential issue of 7,718,551 ordinary shares associated with
Smarter Convert has been eliminated. Accordingly, these potential shares, together with the
177.8909127 Bitcoin disposed of to facilitate repayment, have been removed from the
Company's fully diluted Bitcoin treasury analytics.
Following the disposal, the Company holds 2,700 Bitcoin.
Andrew Webley, CEO, The Smarter Web Company, commented:
"When we entered into Smarter Convert in August 2025, it provided an innovative alternative
to traditional leverage. The structure enabled us to strengthen our balance sheet whilst
maintaining flexibility during an early stage of our Bitcoin treasury strategy.
As the Company has evolved, so too has our approach to capital allocation. Looking ahead,
whilst we continue to recognise the potential benefits of both fiat and Bitcoin-denominated
convertible instruments, we do not currently believe they represent the right capital solution
for The Smarter Web Company.
I would like to thank TOBAM for their support and partnership in developing this innovative
structure. We remain grateful for their confidence in the Company."