THE SMARTER WEB COMPANY PLC
(SWC PZ; TSWC US)
BUY
£17.5 M EQUITY RAISE TO ACCELERATE BITCOIN STRATEGY
Tennyson Securities, Technology Research
18 July 2025
Leading UK Bitcoin Treasury Company, The Smarter Web Company (SWC PZ) has raised £17.5
million in an at-market accretive equity raise at last night’s closing price of 295 pence per share, with
the proceeds used to accelerate the accumulation of Bitcoin in its corporate treasury. Before the
announcement, the company had approximately £147 million in treasury, consisting of 1,600 BTC
and £4.0 million in cash. With the proceeds of this morning’s raise, the company will have
approximately £21 million of cash to deploy into additional Bitcoin in the days ahead, likely to be
further enhanced when the result of its ATM-like facility are announced shortly. As a consequence
we now expect the company to reach over 2,000 BTC within a matter of weeks, which would make
the company the twenty-second biggest public company in the world in terms of quantity of
Bitcoin on the balance sheet.
With the shares trading at a solid premium to NAV, the raise is highly accretive to shareholders in
terms of Bitcoin yield. Assuming all its excess cash is deployed into BTC at current prices, the
transaction takes the stock’s mNAV from 5.0x to 4.5x and with the total share count rising just 2%,
this represents an increase in BTC/share of 9%, or potential sats per share from 667 to 725 (over
300x the value on the day of the company’s IPO in April).
SWC has generated a BTC yield of 7.4% per day in the last 85 days and now has a Days to mNAV
cover of just 21 days, substantially faster than the other names in the international peer group, such
as Metaplanet (3350 JP), The Blockchain Group (ALTBG FP) and Strategy (MSTR US). This rapid
growth continues to grab the attention of investors across the globe, further strengthening the
company’s international reputation.
We continue to believe that SWC is well positioned to maintain its comparative edge in terms of
future Bitcoin Yield.
• First mover advantage in the UK capital markets creates the size and awareness that makes
SWC the first port of call for Bitcoin-hungry capital
• High levels of trust in the leadership team have been secured already, which is critical in
creating expectations that the strategy will be delivered to plan
• Political hostility to BTC in the UK, combined with cultural conservatism in the UK business
establishment makes it very difficult for FTSE350 CFOs to make a pivot to Bitcoin, leaving
the field open for startups
• Growing international support means that SWC is attracting interest from Bitcoin-focused
investors worldwide
SWC remains the most actively traded stock on the Aquis exchange, with an average daily volume of
£6,700,000 since its IPO and average daily volume of over £20,000,000 in recent weeks. And the
advent of the US OTC listing in June has provided a further substantial boost, with the US market
accounting for over 60% of the overall average trading volume since listing.
Whilst mNAV compression is to be expected over time and is a mathematical fact of life in the
development of Bitcoin Treasury Companies that can’t be avoided, SWC’s ability to maintain its Daily
Yield at such an impressive level is what gives us conviction that the stock warrants a higher mNAV
premium in the near term than its major global peers. Below we show the development of the
share price compared to the company’s NAV based on a 3x and 10x multiple over the period since
IPO. And in the middle, a graph showing the development of both the mNAV and the daily BTC yield
over the same period (where the yield is calculated based on the previous 30 days). And finally to
the right, a graph showing P/BYD, a valuation measure that reflects the relationship between mNAV
and BTC Yield and is understood as the number of years required to “earn” the current mNAV
premium if the company can maintain the same BTC yield it has enjoyed over the previous 30 days.
