THE SMARTER WEB COMPANY PLC
TERMS OF REFERENCE OF THE NOMINATIONS COMMITTEE
ADOPTED BY RESOLUTION OF THE BOARD ON 13 January 2026
1

DEFINITIONS

1.1

In this document:
1.1.1

reference to the Board shall mean the Board of Directors of the Company;

1.1.2

reference to the Chairperson shall mean the chairperson of the Board;

1.1.3

reference to the Committee shall mean the Nominations Committee of the Board;

1.1.4

reference to the Committee Chairperson shall mean the member appointed as the
chairperson of the Committee; and

1.1.5

reference to the Company shall mean The Smarter Web Company PLC.

2

MEMBERS

2.1

The members of the Committee for the time being shall be:

3

2.1.1

Sean Wade (Committee Chairperson);

2.1.2

Randal Casson; and

2.1.3

Martin Thomas.

PURPOSE
The Committee is appointed by the Board to assist the Company and the Board in fulfilling their
respective corporate governance responsibilities under applicable securities laws, instruments,
rules and policies and regulatory requirements (collectively Applicable Laws), to promote a
culture of integrity throughout the Company and to assist the Company in identifying and
recommending new nominees for election to the Board.

4

MEMBERSHIP

4.1

The Committee shall comprise of at least three (3) directors. A majority of members of the
Committee shall be independent non-executive directors.

4.2

Only members of the Committee have the right to attend Committee meetings. However, other
individuals such as the Chairperson, Chief Executive, the head of human resources and
external advisers may be invited to attend for all or part of any meeting virtually, as and when
appropriate and necessary.

4.3

The Committee shall meet all Applicable Laws.

4.4

Appointments to the Committee are made by the Board shall be for a period of up to three (3)
years, which may be extended for further periods of up to three years provided that the director
still meets the criteria for membership of the Committee. The Board may fill vacancies in the
Committee by appointment from among the Board.

4.5

The Board shall appoint the Committee Chairperson who should be an independent nonexecutive director. In the absence of the Committee Chairperson and/or an appointed deputy,
the remaining members of the Committee present shall elect one of themselves to chair the

1
1007742165.1

meeting from those who would qualify under these terms of reference to be appointed to that
position by Board. The Chairperson of the Board shall not chair the Committee when it is dealing
with the matter of succession to the Chairpersonship of the Board.
5

SECRETARY

5.1

The Company Secretary or their nominee shall act as the secretary of the Committee.

5.2

In the absence of the Secretary of the Committee, the members present at the meeting of the
Committee shall elect another person as the Secretary.

5.3

The Secretary of the Committee shall assist the Committee Chairperson to determine the
agenda for meetings to ensure that the Committee can effectively discharge its responsibilities.

5.4

The Secretary of the Committee should not be a member of the Committee.

6

QUORUM
The quorum necessary for the transaction of business shall be any two (2) members. A duly
convened meeting of the Committee at which a quorum is present shall be competent to
exercise all or any of the authorities, powers and discretions vested in or exercisable by the
Committee.

7

VOTING ARRANGEMENTS

7.1

Each member of the Committee shall have one vote which may be cast on matters considered
at the meeting. Votes can only be cast by members attending a meeting of the Committee.

7.2

If a matter that is considered by the Committee is one where a member of the Committee, either
directly or indirectly has a personal interest, that member shall not be permitted to vote at the
meeting.

7.3

Save where he has a personal interest, the Committee Chairperson will have a casting vote.

8

MEETINGS

8.1

The Committee shall meet not less than once per annum and otherwise as required at the
discretion of the Chairperson or a majority of the members or as may be required by Applicable
Laws.

8.2

The Committee should hold an in-camera session without any senior officers present at each
meeting.

8.3

The Committee shall report its determinations and recommendations to the Board.

9

NOTICE OF MEETINGS

9.1

Meetings of the Committee shall be summoned by the secretary of the Committee at the
request of the Committee Chairperson. Otherwise, the time and place for meetings may be set
by resolution of the members of the Committee.

9.2

Unless otherwise agreed by consent of all members in writing, notice of each meeting
confirming the venue, time and date, together with an agenda of items to be discussed, shall
be forwarded to each member of the Committee, any other person required to attend and all
other non-executive directors, no later than five working days before the date of the meeting.
Supporting papers shall be sent to Committee members and to other attendees as appropriate,
at the same time.

2
1007742165.1

10

MINUTES OF MEETINGS

10.1

The secretary shall minute the proceedings and resolutions of all Committee meetings,
including recording the names of those present and in attendance.

10.2

The secretary shall ascertain, at the beginning of each meeting, the existence of any conflicts
of interest and minute them accordingly.

10.3

Draft minutes of Committee meetings shall be circulated promptly to all members of the
Committee. Once approved, minutes should be circulated to all other members of the Board,
unless it would be inappropriate to do so.

11

ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING
The Committee Chairperson shall attend the annual general meeting prepared to respond to
any shareholder questions on the Committee’s activities.

12

RESOURCES AND AUTHORITY

12.1

The Committee has the authority to:
12.1.1

engage, at the expense of the Company, independent counsel and other experts or
advisors as considered advisable;

12.1.2

determine and pay the compensation for any independent counsel and other experts
or advisors retained by the Committee;

12.1.3

conduct any appropriate investigation; and

12.1.4

request any senior officer, or outside counsel for the Company, to attend any
meeting of the Committee or to meet with any members of, or independent counsel
or other experts or advisors to, the Committee.

13

DUTIES

13.1

The Committee should carry out the duties below for the Company, the parent company, major
subsidiary undertakings and the group as a whole, as appropriate.

13.2

The Committee shall:
13.2.1

regularly review the structure, size and composition (including the skills, knowledge,
experience and diversity) of the Board and make recommendations to the Board
with regard to any changes;

13.2.2

give full consideration to succession planning for directors and other senior
executives in the course of its work, taking into account the challenges and
opportunities facing the Company, and the skills and expertise needed on the Board
in the future;

13.2.3

keep under review the leadership needs of the organisation, both executive and
non-executive, with a view to ensuring the continued ability of the organisation to
compete effectively in the marketplace;

13.2.4

keep up to date and fully informed about strategic issues and commercial changes
affecting the Company and the market in which it operates;

13.2.5

be responsible for identifying and nominating for the approval of the Board,
candidates to fill Board vacancies as and when they arise;

3
1007742165.1

13.2.6

13.3

before any appointment is made by the Board, evaluate the balance of skills,
knowledge, experience and diversity on the Board, and, in the light of this evaluation
prepare a description of the role and capabilities required for a particular
appointment. In identifying suitable candidates, the Committee shall:
13.2.6.1

use open advertising or the services of external advisers to facilitate
the search;

13.2.6.2

consider candidates from a wide range of backgrounds;

13.2.6.3

consider candidates on merit and against objective criteria and with
due regard for the benefits of diversity on the Board, including gender,
taking care that appointees have enough time available to devote to
the position;

13.2.6.4

consider the competencies and skills necessary for the Board as a
whole to possess;

13.2.6.5

consider the competencies and skills necessary for each individual
director to possess;

13.2.6.6

consider the competencies and skills which each new nominee to the
Board is expected to bring; and

13.2.6.7

whether each proposed nominee to the Board will be able to devote
sufficient time and resources to the Company.

13.2.7

for the appointment of a Chairperson, the Committee should prepare a job
specification, including the time commitment expected. A proposed Chairperson's
other significant commitments should be disclosed to the Board before appointment
and any changes to the Chairperson's commitments should be reported to the Board
as they arise;

13.2.8

prior to the appointment of a director, the proposed appointee should be required to
disclose any other business interests that may result in a conflict of interest and be
required to report any future business interests that could result in a conflict of
interest;

13.2.9

ensure that on appointment to the Board, non-executive directors receive a formal
letter of appointment setting out clearly what is expected of them in terms of time
commitment, committee service and involvement outside board meetings;

13.2.10

review the results of the Board performance evaluation process that relate to the
composition of the Board; and

13.2.11

review annually the time required from non-executive directors. Performance
evaluation should be used to assess whether the non-executive directors are
spending enough time to fulfil their duties.

The Committee shall also make recommendations to the Board concerning:
13.3.1

formulating plans for succession for both executive and non-executive directors and
in particular for the key roles of Chairperson and Chief Executive(s);

13.3.2

suitable candidates for the role of senior independent director;

13.3.3

membership of the Audit and Remuneration Committees, and any other Board
committee as appropriate, in consultation with the chairmen of those committees;

4
1007742165.1

13.3.4

the re-appointment of any non-executive director at the conclusion of their specified
term of office having given due regard to their performance and ability to continue
to contribute to the Board in the light of the knowledge, skills and experience
required;

13.3.5

the re-election by shareholders of any director having due regard to their
performance and ability to continue to contribute to the Board in the light of the
knowledge, skills and experience required and the need for progressive refreshing
of the Board (particularly in relation to directors being re-elected for a term beyond
six years);

13.3.6

any matters relating to the continuation in office of any director at any time including
the suspension or termination of service of an executive director as an employee of
the Company subject to the provisions of the law and their service contract; and

13.3.7

the appointment of any director to executive or other office.

14

REPORTING RESPONSIBILITIES

14.1

The Committee Chairperson shall report to the Board on its proceedings after each meeting on
all matters within its duties and responsibilities.

14.2

The Committee shall make whatever recommendations to the Board it deems appropriate on
any area within its remit where action or improvement is needed.

14.3

The Committee shall produce a report to be included in the Company's annual report about its
activities, the process used to make appointments and explain if external advice or open
advertising has not been used.

15

OTHER

15.1

The Committee shall:
15.1.1

have access to sufficient resources in order to carry out its duties, including access
to the Company secretary for assistance as required;

15.1.2

be provided with appropriate and timely training, both in the form of an induction
programme for new members and on an ongoing basis for all members;

15.1.3

at all times give due consideration to all relevant laws and regulations including, but
not limited to, the provisions of the UK Corporate Governance Code and associate
guidance, the requirements of the FCA’s Listing Rules, Prospectus Regulation
Rules, the Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules sourcebook, the
Companies Act 2006 and any other applicable rules, in each case as appropriate
and to the extent applicable to the Company; and

15.1.4

arrange for periodic reviews of its own performance and, at least annually, review
its constitution and terms of reference to ensure it is operating at maximum
effectiveness and recommend any changes it considers necessary to the Board for
approval.

16

COMMITTEE CHAIRPERSON

16.1

The Committee Chairperson should:
16.1.1

provide leadership to the Committee and oversee the functioning of the Committee;

16.1.2

chair meetings of the Committee, unless not present, including in camera sessions,
and report to the Board following each meeting of the Committee on the activities

5
1007742165.1

and any recommendations and decisions of the Committee and otherwise at such
times and in such manner as the Committee Chairperson considers advisable;

17

16.1.3

ensure that the Committee meets at least once per annum and otherwise as is
considered advisable;

16.1.4

in consultation with the Chairperson and the members, establish dates for holding
meetings of the Committee;

16.1.5

set the agenda for each meeting of the Committee with input from other members,
the Chairperson and any other appropriate individuals;

16.1.6

ensure that Committee materials are available to any director upon request;

16.1.7

act as liaison and maintain communication with the Chairperson and the Board to
co-ordinate input from the Board and to optimize the effectiveness of the Committee;

16.1.8

report annually to the Board on the role of the Committee and the effectiveness of
the Committee in contributing to the effectiveness of the Board;

16.1.9

assist the members of the Committee to understand and comply with the
responsibilities contained in these terms of reference;

16.1.10

foster ethical and responsible decision making by the Committee;

16.1.11

oversee the structure, composition and membership of, and activities delegated to,
the Committee from time to time;

16.1.12

ensure appropriate information is provided to the Committee by the senior officers
to enable the Committee to function effectively and comply with these terms of
reference;

16.1.13

ensure that appropriate resources and expertise are available to the Committee;

16.1.14

ensure that the Committee considers whether any independent counsel or other
experts or outside advisors retained by the Committee are appropriately qualified
and independent in accordance with Applicable Laws;

16.1.15

facilitate effective communication between the members of the Committee and the
senior officers;

16.1.16

commission a periodic externally facilitated board performance review at such
intervals as required by the relevant Applicable Laws;

16.1.17

attend, or arrange for another member of the Committee to attend, each meeting of
the shareholders of the Company to respond to any questions from shareholders
that may be asked of the Committee; and

16.1.18

perform such other duties as may be delegated to the Committee Chairperson by
the Committee or the Board from time to time.

AUTHORITY
The Committee is authorised by the Board to obtain, at the Company’s expense, outside legal
or other professional advice on any matters within its terms of reference.

6
1007742165.1

18

THE COMMITTEE

18.1

The Committee shall, at least once a year, review its own performance, constitution and terms
of reference to ensure it is operating at maximum effectiveness and recommend any changes
it considers necessary to the Board for approval.

18.2

The Committee shall make available its terms of reference for inspection at the registered office
of the Company and on the Company's website.

19

GENERAL

19.1

The recommendations of the Committee minutes as reflected in the minutes of its meetings
must be approved by the Board before they can be implemented.

19.2

The Committee shall give due consideration to all relevant laws and regulations including, but
not limited to, the provisions of the UK Corporate Governance Code and associate guidance,
the requirements of the FCA’s Listing Rules, Prospectus Regulation Rules, the Disclosure
Guidance and Transparency Rules sourcebook, the Companies Act 2006 and any other
applicable rules, in each case as appropriate and to the extent applicable to the Company.

19.3

Any of the terms set out in this document may be varied by a majority resolution of the Board.

7
1007742165.1

